three-two-one
ladies and gentlemen the president of
the megyn kelly fan no fucked it up
megan mccain president of the megan
mccain fake launched out he's blocked me
no she blocked me and i i didn't tag her
in the video because i'm not that guy
right but i did you know i mean i put it
out there into the world she's not
thrilled probably i know somebody that
knows her pretty well yeah and they said
that she is not happy with my depiction
of her she did though after the first
video she lost a lot of weight soon
let's put it back on she did and it's my
yo-yo with her so when she gets thinner
i get thinner so i can do her and she
plumps up i plump back up so that's
where we're at is that i just kind of
mirror her hmm how uncomfortable she's i
would you know i was because you know
sometimes i'll go back to new york to do
shows and i imagine like what if I'm in
a restaurant and i see her and you know
what would what would a meaning be like
what because I have no real ill will
it's just comedy it's just comedy yeah
she's just she's a big public figure
she's a big public figure and she
behaves sometimes in a ridiculous way
she call herself a self-made woman I
mean these are things that are insane
yes that's I mean this is a UH you know
she's not self-made and listen she I
love I love that she loves her dad yeah
but there's a limit yeah to the constant
you know if you want people to forget
that your dad is the reason you have the
job you can't bring him up every five
minutes
don't you think she's in a real pickle
because that show is how she makes a
living so she's on that show right so if
you're on that show that's one of the
things you got to talk about absolutely
but I would say if she toned it down a
little bit
tone it down you can't tone it down
though they're off see one of the things
about those show that shows it's
ridiculous like this conversation we're
having very easy it's you and me that's
it
I let you talk you let me talk right
talk express our site no problem right
that's a goddamn battle zone it's it's a
fight that's a vagina battle zone and
you
and great and you have a lot of great
intellectuals that are battling out all
the things you know Joy Behar Whoopi
Goldberg these are brilliant people who
we need to hear from yes and they speak
in three-minute clips but I used to like
the show when like Rosie O'Donnell would
go on and start talking about Tower 7
that was great that was fun us that was
fun
well she'd be fun yeah that was that was
interesting Rosie Rosie would just go on
and start talking about our 7 and it was
like oh this is a fun morning show this
is ABC morning it's a little wacky yeah
it's like I'll get on board for this
take her off of that did she not get
along with somebody I mean she girl from
Survivor right yeah Elisabeth Hasselbeck
her and Rose used to fight all the time
yeah she's like one of them hot FoxNews
fembot type characters I used to I used
to do red eye on Fox News which would
air at 3:00 a.m. they bring in like all
these hot blondes would sit in the green
room and they would be nice and they'd
be like I'm miss Tallahassee and then
they would get on Fox redeye and then
the cameras would turn on and they would
start going Syria and I would be like
Syria what the hell do you know about
Syria I mean but they would just go and
go right and it was finally you know
that was a fun show because read I was
to show those on at 3 a.m. yes and
nobody really watched it and nothing you
said would get recorded like it wouldn't
there would be no clips or anything she
could kind of just go wild for a while
for a while so comedians like me who had
no knowledge or background knowledge on
anything got it and I would wear like a
jacket so you wouldn't know I guess you
would say comedian under me but not
always and I used to just go on that and
just say whatever I wanted to and I'd be
sitting next to John Bolton they didn't
pay you they would just give you a card
wherever you were going and then I would
just come on and say whatever the hell I
wanted and in a new studio yeah so that
was like a funny but that's when I met a
lot of those five and by the way they're
all fun people oh yeah
they're all fun people I think there's a
business in being a fembot and I don't
begrudge them like I don't begrudge
bodybuilders who were on Instagram right
no I mean like RINO this is my new app
set and what ya would take guys through
this alright once we grab them guys
either you know I just think there's
businesses yeah and we have to recognize
that the look a lot of people who are
really right-wing like women and they
like hot blonde women with the assets
who really are not in the immigration
they don't like immigration they hate
immigration but it's like a fuckin
market for them it's me Tommy Lehren
yeah I mean it started I guess with Ann
Coulter and glory Southern Lauren
Southern they have a lotta mm-hmm
there's a bunch of new ones now
attractive women that are yeah I don't
follow as closely because it starts to
feel like you're in a loop yes search
they feel like with the news that you're
in a loop well the best one in my
opinion is Candace Owens because Candace
yeah yeah because they bring her into
these conversations and they
underestimate her they've seen that
great thing and I forget who did it but
it was her and kill her Mike it was a it
was a panel that maybe P Diddy sponsored
or something and it was a panel with
thought leaders in the black community
and she was on it killer Mike was on it
was a real one the girls from black
lives matter it was a really interesting
conversation ken is very smart oh she's
very I don't agree with her on some of
the things she says but she's very
intelligent here it is yeah killer Mike
adds context to Ti okay Owens revolt
some summit or did II was I think in the
front route just come gonna get accused
of being a racist you know what do you
mean you can't can't tell the difference
yeah and then Candice was also on
something recently where some white
woman who was a professor accused her of
saying something racist and she shut
that lady down so hard yeah because like
she was saying she was laughing at
something and the woman said the woman
tried to check her and shame her for
what she was laughing and she's like no
no I'm laughing at you why I'm laughing
at what you're saying you should yeah we
can't play it right no we couldn't play
if we play it will fuckin get pulled off
of YouTube but it's up it's she shut her
down and there was also that uh that
asian congressman he tried some stupid
janitor to
she shut him down down well he tried to
take her out of context in front of her
like she was going to defend herself
well it's also interesting about people
like Candace Owens and people they just
live in a battleground oh yeah she's
actually go to war everything they wake
up they get on Twitter I could never
live like that I'm sick it's not a bad
likeness right she's ready I could never
like to me to get up every day and go
who do I got a wreck
right I just couldn't do it but she's
all you had her in real life she's a
nice lady a lot of them are but they're
like you mean Ann Coulter they're all
very nice and mint but they're always
you know they're just ready they they're
they live in the combat zone but look
we're talking about her and more than a
million people are gonna hear this so
that she's doing the right thing she is
yeah like in that and that's a business
just like you talking shit about Meghan
McCain right kind of a business right
you never talk shit about your
pretending to be pretending to be her
I'm stealing her essence that's kind of
what I'm doing and when did she how long
did she bark you did you pay attention
you know every day I didn't check every
day but I think it was somewhere after
the first video which was you know a
really really fun one and she didn't
like that the thing now I'm nervous
about is with all the new YouTube rules
can they just decide to get rid of my
account for or did you say it's not
commercially viable you don't have a
real problem with that because okay
making fun of someone on the right
interested but I do make fun of people
on the left I mean IKEA I did a video I
pretend to be the agent of the climate
girl
Greta sunburn and cuz I'm like you know
I pretended like David absolutely play a
play that it's on it's on my youtube
channel and it's I'm sure it's on
Instagram but I know this i G TV or
whatever but so I want to fuck with
everybody yeah so I was like this girl
Greta thumbr let's be honest she has
some good points but little it's a
little creepy it's a little creepy well
she's like how old is she she's too
young for me to say that about is she
like 14 yes she could be 52 though yes
it's creepy limbs when I turned on my TV
and she was like how dare you and I'm
like well why are we starting there but
there's something about her face - it's
like so it's almost like I hear the
story of the thing potentially there was
a gal that adopted child
Russia and they thought as a child was a
little kid and it turned out she might
have been 30 they don't know how old she
was she tried to kill them she's scared
there was a fucking horror movie story
it's not they're adopting a little kid
like a six-year-old
that's a fucking 30 year old with some
sort of a metabolic disease yeah well
that serves you right for trying to be a
do-gooder you know they'll never do
anything again for anybody they'll never
do one thing the husband will try to
bring it up she's like fuck you midget I
mean the idea that there are midgets
dressing up as children and trying to
burrow into family so that they can wake
up in the middle of night and kill them
yeah
is truly the funniest thing that has
happened in in we she's technically a
midget a dunks or something else
well she okay me whatever she was she
has like a growth disorder that keeps
her like looking like a small child you
see there was a video recently where it
looked like a kid was getting thrown off
a bus it was just it was it him it was a
like a little person who's just thrown
off a but it was it was it was a scam
like hey we got Ari and I both got duped
I got do because my friend texted me to
go there's a pedophile midget - just got
thrown off a bus it is hilarious it's
the funniest thing ever when when the
unzips the hood and you see there's like
grown-up face there's a woman who looks
like what the foxes think yeah we're in
on it no I don't think they knew the
people on the outside yeah no I think
the guys threw that guy off the bus and
that was the scam yeah and then the dude
who is this the little person in the
hoodie he was in the scam on the scam
but I don't think the people on the
street were in on so now what happens
when that when that when the when these
these little people wake up and they're
like activated they're like I'm gonna
kill the family how do they try to kill
them well this lady she was threatening
she was threatening to kill the family
and they were really worried that she
was gonna do that she was gonna poison
them or something like that because what
was the scary stuff it's a horror movie
because you know you got to think who
knows what kind of abuse this little kid
had gone through well actually a 30 year
old rasz as a little kid through in
Russia you know and all these foster
homes and foster care and you know they
are fuckin ruthless over it's rough it's
rough I imagine it's not the best place
to grow up as a person with a
disorder what's up Jamie all right I
feel like I'm hearing are you saying
that happened in retro is a Russian kid
Russian kid okay this has happened in
Indiana yeah it's actually Ukrainian kid
that's Ukraine is part of Russia that's
okay isn't it yeah it's fine they had it
there out three years before they found
figured this out oh my god now what kind
of what were those three years nice like
with their nice memories good isn't that
odd to look back and be like remember
when we all went to Disney World
no they're probably like hey this bitch
isn't growing I think they said that she
was creepy and the article that I read I
think they were actually like they would
wake up and see her like standing at the
door like I think there were things that
she did that yeah very very bad what do
you what does she look like do they have
an image of her I'm trying to find no I
might I saw a picture of her now what a
picture did she go to jail and it's real
weird looking like she didn't look like
a little person she looked like a young
person it was a very strange yeah I mean
I hope she finds another family I hope
she keeps doing this to different
families because whatever this bitch's
life was so bad that she needs to do
this let her do it
mm you know you do to the wall you do to
the wrong fit absolutely yeah it's it's
I worry about that though at YouTube
because I say is it you build a whole
career you build the people that are
your fans they want to see comedy and I
always thought that like okay I'm not
gonna be able to do this on like
mainstream TV but these are funny things
that I can do there's just look at her
oh my god she does look okay so it is a
little person she looks like a strange
it's not like a regular look at them one
down the middle the middle and the lower
court look at that that's horrific
yeah that's terrifying Ukrainian child
she might have it but it's also how is
she gonna kill you what's she gonna
guess in the middle of the night or
sounds you're fucking yeah that's true
bro there's dirty that's creepy there's
something weird they thought it was a
little kid yeah that's so strange don't
adopt folks oh my god so strange get
that one there yeah wouldn't want your
cursors on look at that one that one
freaks me out
cuz you'd be like something's wrong you
would never think that was a murderous
young adult
he's either eight or 22 that everyone's
I don't think they think 22 now I think
some people think as old as 30 and I
think the youngest they think she is a
16 and there's no records no one can
prove they don't know what the fucks you
know she has period she had adult teeth
well guess what she's not 12 that's an
indication that I mean did she never see
a doctor Oh scroll back up hold on so
you look at this
she had periods she adult teeth who
alleges that after Natalia began acting
out violently attacking a baby boy
pushing Christine into an electric fence
and making death threats the family
sought out psychiatric health healthcare
officials including the Barnett's
primary care physician who performed a
bone density test and a clinical
therapist who treated Natalia believe
her to be an adult impersonating a child
holy fuck
you imagine when you're in the doctor's
office getting that diagnosis they do a
bone density test and the kids are
sitting there yeah it turns out it's an
adult can you imagine going in and you
ready to hear like she's got cancer or
brain damage and she go actually you're
raising a 30 year old from the Ukraine
look at this in 2012 a judge approved
the Barnett's application to have
Natalya's date of birth officially
revised to september 4th 1989 officially
changing her age from 8 to 22 shortly
after they rented Natalia an apartment
that's nice and placed her under the
supervision of an Indiana State
healthcare provider so she could receive
psychiatric treatment as an adult
that's an understanding hands moved to
Canada they left the country but they
rented her an apartment and then left
the country
Christine Barnett then moved to Canada
when I son Jacob and they can arrest a
child progeny prodigy who my Road oh is
that the parent yeah it's her parent
yeah
no the Barnett's they're the Barnett's
though the ones who would adopt right so
Christine's the one that but she took so
she left the husband and me Canada
divorce not oh well that's
that'll do it it's a tough thing for
marriage to survive you survive you
renting an adult yeah you rented an
adult a year it's gonna kill you
pretending to be a kid pushing you into
an electric fence I feel like
that a dinner and they said whatever in
our marriage made us think this was a
good idea we should just separate we got
they got arrested for abandoning her in
that apartment why the story goes
further it sounds oh my god
2019 prosecutors in Tippecanoe Indiana
that's your number one problem right
there
Tippecanoe Indiana brought formal
charges of neglect against the Barnett's
now divorce an affidavit of probable
cause from 2014 provided by refinery29
refers to tests performed by Peyton
Manning Children's Hospital in 2013 that
seemed to contradict earlier medical
reports about Natalya's age
investigators at the time found that
Talia's claims that she was Ukrainian
child who had been abandoned by the
Barnett's credible but Michael Barnett's
attorney told the Daily Mail that the
charges had been filed because another
couple perhaps convinced by a Natalya
that she was a minor had petitioned to
become her guardian oh my god she tried
to rope another family's cook she's good
explaining Natalya was living on her own
and a couple wanted to become her
Guardians thinking she was still a child
the couple tried to overturn the 2012
results so they tried to overturn her
fucking age and I've got an adopter
again despite new tests commissioned by
that couple the court upheld the
original result which maintained a
natalya was an adult the couple later
dropped their guardianship petition once
she tried to kill them too Wow bouts are
currently unknown her age remains the
subject of much debate she's touring
with Skippy from family yes she's on the
Blue's Clues tour she's I mean listen
you know that's a guest you want to get
a guest that girl I would have someone
in the room with a gun you sit her on a
stack of phone books I might have you
let it just might have a gun you see
bring her home she might be you might
fall for it you might you know she might
be riding Marshall around the house I
have real kids yes
I understand kids it is wild when you
could do you think could you ever get
duped like that yeah you could do yeah
if someone's really really really good
and you're tired you're working hard you
just drink a little bit maybe you're on
some antidepressants I might be a little
loopy I wonder if the parents are like
how good if parents are we write that
for three years we didn't know that we
had a 30 world psychopath living in our
house like maybe we're not the best at
this she's got a bush that was the other
thing that she had a dull boy adult
teeth how do you make a death threat
when you look like a kid like that what
do you I mean it's crazy Chucky
he's got the fuck out of every pest but
it is fire kill yeah dude Chucky was
terrif Chucky was really people say
sometimes I look like Chucky which is
not nice I know people are mean I agree
but there's a lot of people on YouTube
they'd like to just let it fly really
let if you want to read that stuff I
know but sometimes I do I don't know
about that but I find a little too
famous to read YouTube comments I read
the stuff and sometimes it's brutal
yeah sometimes I'll answer like never on
YouTube but sometimes on IG Instagram
I'll answer and say something back i one
guy said something to me once and I said
something back to him I went because I
looked at his page and it was just his
chick holding a bunch of other people's
kids so I said why don't you impregnate
your girlfriend so she doesn't have to
run around with other people's kids
so it was wild and then they deleted my
comment whoa yeah he was going after you
he was going after me I went back at him
and they deleted and they deleted my
comment this is the world we're living
in now mmm well you shouldn't it wasn't
appropriate for me to go to his page
well it's yeah it was wrong but I did it
counter punching yeah that's right it
was just I was trying to you know this
is my job yeah you get him it gotta go
yeah you're better like I understand
people that are sitting in a job
somewhere sitting in a cubicle angry and
they see someone like yourself or like
me or anything Jamie I'm sure he gets
hate to yeah they just get fucking angry
maybe you said something stupid I say
something stupid all the time me too and
then they want to come get you and they
want to yell at you or make you feel
like shit say some awful yeah something
really means sometimes yes yeah
sometimes okay yeah but I would rather
give them that this is what I feel I'd
rather let them let them have it
let it go say it take your shot
but this is how I feel I'm not it's not
personal right like I get it like I used
to be me when I would I mean I used to
be you when I was young and coming up
but there was no internet to do this if
I had the internet I guaranteed you I
would have said some horrendous
ridiculous shit on Twitter Instagram
Facebook YouTube comments no doubt we
all would have everybody would have yeah
I don't want to read them I don't want
them I don't want them to upset me and I
don't want to be upset at them and if I
see them I don't want to know they said
it because it's not real right it's not
real and that it is the real thought and
they did write it but they don't really
know me right and their thought and they
a lot of it is just it's fun sometimes
I'll just respond to somebody and
they'll go hey and they'll totally like
they'll say something nasty and I'll
respond and it'll go hey just kidding
love will podcast normal and it's just
like oh they just want interaction and
that's why they said that I look like a
potato skin
well just fucking be angry man more
people's lives suck yeah a lot of people
it's not great right now no yeah and
even if it wasn't not not even if the
economy is doing better right the vast
majority of people are not doing what
they want to do with their lives yeah
there in most people at some point in
your life have experienced like that
yeah fucking tear absolutely we've been
involved in there and that feeling of
frustration when you see someone on
YouTube it it's so easy to just say
something gross and we all do it as
comics you know you know we because
we'll see somebody will see the trailer
for somebody special or whatever and
we'll be like yeah oh yeah and it's like
why we shouldn't be focusing on that but
it's too much it's a lot of fun yes to
commiserate with people yes in the
shared hatred of something and when
someone's doing well like yourself your
videos start picking up a little steam
I'll start recommending it it's it's fun
to shit on you yeah yeah fuck him he's
funny that Megan McCain doesn't even
sound like her yeah yeah yeah that's
true my favorite comment is just when
someone will write he's fat that's my
favorite comment someone already he's
fat 300 likes thank you
I appreciate I appreciate that he
doesn't even sound like that right yeah
terrible impression right sounds like
him right yeah
I went to see why I was working with
Otto and George way back in the day yeah
that's right oh yeah yeah and we were we
were working at Dangerfield's in
Manhattan yeah and Joe some lady he's
you know he would Auto had a puppet
named George and he would do the immuno
the would work the puppet the pup would
say fucked up things and Otto be like
hey how are you saying that that's
terrible and I remember this lady going
his lips are movin right it was like the
worst ventral isn't he was never turning
you that at all
he moved his lips and she could
concentrate on the joke yeah the pup was
saying the most horrendous fucked up
ridiculous jokes and she's like his lips
are moving up its yeah they were they
were amazing man that to me is like so
funny how somebody could just key in on
something like that while the entire
audience is laughing having a good time
she thinks she's focusing in on the
important part and that everyone else is
wrong right yeah the other 300 people
that are dying on the floor are wrong by
his mouth you see lines the mouth lunge
the mouth goes up and down you can see
where the lines are it's not a real
mouth I love it
that's fake I mean it's tough you know
you what we do and you know you're
obviously the the big big venues now but
like when I was just in a club this past
weekend and it's like it's an
interesting time in the country to get a
bunch of people in a room pour alcohol
all over them and just let them go
because no matter what I say if I say
Trump or IC and my act is not political
but I'll mention things that are going
on there's jokes yeah and as soon as I
say Trump some of the crowd will go whoa
and some of them will start booing yeah
yeah and I'm like guys that's not this
I'm just here to make a joke about yeah
this yeah so this isn't a rally I'm not
taking your temperature it doesn't
matter and they just they're hammered
and they're ready to just let you know
with it right yeah no it's just like a
it's a weird time for discourse right
weird time for people shouting things
out too because people think their
opinions more important
ever been before because of social media
right people are used to expressing
themselves right and I mean and some
crowds now I mean I think there's just a
you know some perverse pride and I kind
of put me through it you know I'll be
like you guys are danimals you fucking
animals there's a huge applause brain
you know I was like where did they hand
out ticket to the show detergent cares
you know they love it they're clapping
you know so well they're looking for
something that's different than most of
what you're getting on television and in
websites yeah getting this fucking
politically correct woke nonsense right
and people are rejecting it look
Charlie's Angels fuck you turn we don't
wanna fuck you yeah get woke go broke
yeah that's what I'm saying now like
they're done with it yeah they're done
yeah people are sick of it and the this
business people don't realize the
business we're in doesn't have a soul
they don't care so eventually it's gonna
swing back the other way oh yeah because
they yes money yeah
Joker did great yes these things do well
and that's a fucked up it's a fucked up
movie and it was great and I think's
great yeah I mean you know look at
Roseanne 25 million people tuned in to
the premiere of Roseanne do you know how
much money that must have cost ABC to
fire her for that a lot it was so dumb
hmm I mean it took me a while to
convince her to come on the podcast yeah
she was supposed to do it a long time
ago on dude we had fuckin camera crews
trying to get to my house
crazy hammer crews outside our old
studio where we used to be
Brian madness man I mean it was it was
crazy and like and that's that one thing
by the way is extremely insulting and
fucking stupid and archaic do you think
you just find me I'm going to talk to
you right you put a camera in front of
me your fucking rudimentary interview
skills yeah you're gonna be like oh you
got me yeah oh well here here let me
give you my statement scoop you can you
say a bunch of shit you can't talk you
can't put on your hair do you will do
will you just walk by them I'm like I'm
not interested in talking to you right
yeah this is not how it works you don't
just show up to get an interview you
schedule it through right there's a
channel their channels yeah you know how
to do it they know how to do it they
just think they're gonna be like this is
news you guys are archaic you're not
even real yeah it's a good guys got
Chuck and shaman and does anyone care
does anyone is there real money in that
anymore is here real money and Justin
Bieber having sushi does anyone care
I'm sure some people care with the
websites no I am clicking on TMZ makes a
shitload I see other comics sometimes it
take pictures with families people I go
what are you doing it's not doing that
stop doing that no one wants that it do
it for the gram the worst thing in the
world you have just a picture with a
famous person that's miserable I was
gonna ask you for a picture after this
yeah it's like what snide ah it's the
worst thing ever I yell at friends I go
don't do it don't do it well people like
to be associated with someone who's cool
yeah yeah I've got a picture with Josh
homie from Queens Estonia it's like a
cool thing I guess me yeah but these
people pulling out people that would
like 90s sitcoms they'll just pick a guy
out of an audience it was on like
homicide life on the street right and
they'll be like hey it's me and I'm like
let him be it's iced tea yeah he's been
a cop long he's been a rapper he's been
a cop forever is that so weird never I'm
a motherfucking cop killer yeah he's a
good he's just a good TV cop yeah you
know that shows gotta be soul-sucking
though yeah I bet you just can't wait to
spend money
I think after a while it becomes just
it's a routine job it's like anything
else and no one cares anymore like you
know this shows that we all as comics do
that are just routine jobs you know
things we just show up and they're like
okay here we go and you're the topics
and make some jokes and then it's like
boom boom boom I know but at a certain
point in time you got to be planning
your escape you got to have enough money
like when I was on Rock season five of
Fear Factor I remember thinking I don't
know how much longer I can do it what
was it about it that was it was just too
much repetitive it was the same thing
over and over again we did 148 episodes
right it was just after a while it's
just like Jesus Christ how many animal
dicks can you serve people right how
many times can you throw them off
builders yeah yeah that's enough stuff
already
it was just there's no amount of money
to get you to come back to do that or
something like that did come back in
2011 I came back but I didn't I was I
didn't have as much money back then and
also it was a lot more money than I got
the first time it was like a big deal
because they were good I think it was I
don't I also don't remember about the
money part but it was a big deal it was
gonna come back but I immediately
regretted it look immediately I was like
oh my god I have a job again yeah I do
but I had I was
having children then you know like ya
wanted to yeah my kids were real young
and I was like I need like when you have
a kid I had an older daughter but I was
already paid for most of that good do
you think about two children and you
think about two children that are like
at the time two and one you're like oh
my god like this is this is serious yeah
I have to may have 18 years yes have to
make a lot of and I think like all the
money I squirreled away from the
original season a fear factor that took
care of my family for a long time and
it'll probably okay but I felt like this
overwhelming responsibility to squirrel
away more more money more more money but
then once I started doing I was like oh
my god this is a mistake
yeah this is a mistake you like this is
crazy oh my god don't like it yeah and
then we got canceled because we serve
people jizz who is that the final straw
yeah yeah they had a drink donkey calm
and that was it that was too much that
was that interesting as TMZ saved me
that was when you had the moral majority
back then and they would this was a
problem that's what all the censorship
came primarily right from like
right-wing groups um sorta yes the Obama
was the Obama to return okay but what it
was was the show had to get more and
more extreme and it was very dangerous
like he was freaking me out right
because they were taking a lot more
crazy risks like one of them you had to
you had a set of keys and you had your
partner was handcuffed to a tree and
they were attached to a bungee cord that
was attached to a fucking helicopter
okay in the helicopter was had this
bungee cord taut and they're flying in
the sky above a giant Canyon I mean way
to fuck up there right so you got these
keys and you're working these keys and
the idea is the first person to get the
key lock open right you unlock the thing
and then boom the priests shooting into
this guy and I remember seeing them
going what if something snaps what if
something breaks yeah we watched someone
follow their death like what the fuck
are we doing you know you just have a
bunch of executives going oh they just
make a face you know they would just go
yeah not great I had a joke about it
that they were gonna kill Saul and then
guns down and then blame it on the
terrorists all right don't let the
terrorists take away your fear
back with Mario Lopez and I would just
choke her I was always joking around how
Mario Lopez couldn't replace did you
ever feel weird morally about it because
you have these people that are coming in
that are putting themselves in these
positions no because I would have done
it I would have done it when I was broke
I would eat an animal dick oh yeah
throw puke in my face right there are
people that we know will do it now you
know nobody the works of the story yeah
we'll all do it now and a lot of us have
money and there was the idea that they
could do that and you know and move it
on to a career the only one who's
actually moved it onto a real career was
Michael yo Michael yo I was on season
one of Fear Factor episode one have
someone interesting music K is he a
comic yeah he's a comic comedian cuz
it's doing really well that's wild just
film a special he's a really good guy
that's great really funny he's hilarious
somebody smile and start on tier fact
100% yeah 148 episodes three people per
episode yeah I remember I tested for a
reality show on Food Network and they
had me on set for about of an hour and
they were like yeah this is not I said I
said like three things into the camera
and they go none of this will ever this
is not gonna work what is the say well
they were just basically like it was
called hot spots and they're like tell
us what you think a hot spot is well
it's a real cool hot spot now just like
a hot spot is when I try to get into it
the maitre d tells me to kill myself and
then they go okay well let's do the joke
again but let's not say kill yourself
I'm like well that's the joke right so
they're like just maybe say something
like when I try to get in they say no
and I'm like you but that's not funny so
then we just tried to work around in a
bunch of different ways and I would just
keep saying things and you could tell
they were just getting frustrated
networks like Food Network love the idea
of comedians too like we loved the idea
of having a comedian come in to spice it
up and then wouldn't you get a real
comedian they're like we don't want that
well then one night but ironic and I am
with like three tracks yeah it wasn't
like a real down the middle goofy a lot
of lane change because I was making fun
of like we had all the archetypes of the
Food Network P like we had the fat
southern woman they were supposed to be
Paula Deen and she came in she's like
have you ever had a redneck real cheese
and I said this woman's gonna explode
unsaid and and I cuz they said you can
be playful with each other so I said
this woman's gonna explode on set and
they go oh do I have a hold on I'm like
you said we could be playful
we had the
Asian woman who was like she just talked
about wellness she was like out we just
I want to be whole and I want to be one
and I wouldn't be wellness and then so
every you know you had the guy fieri
like you know there's a million chefs
that think they're Bourdain they think
they're profound but in reality they're
just making fuckin grilled cheese and
they have tattoos but other than that
you know so we had a bunch of those
chefs who were like I'm a hard-partying
I've seen it all I've seen it all I've
worked on the line it's a shut up you've
made gnocchi obtain with with Kitchen
Confidential he changed what a chef is
he changed what a chef is but most chefs
are not that and the reality is is like
you hear people now that travel around
the country and they think that they're
like and I love board Bourdain at
Prudential but sometimes Bourdain show
was interesting because like he'd be
sitting with a family in Turkey and
they'd be like well we haven't seen our
daughter in two days and we don't really
know where she is a revolution and then
they would it would be like and then he
would like they would start talking
about hummus and I'd be like what
happened you don't like what's going on
like why are we talking about figs right
now there's a revolution happening this
whole idea that like food like I think
Bourdain was a genius but the people
that have succeeded him haven't done it
well is anybody doing it that way where
they're traveling around the Gordon
Ramsay they were talking about him doing
something but the backlash was
immediately my and fear yeah because
people were thinking that he was gonna
try to replace Bourdain right if he
stays in his wheelhouse is Hell's
Kitchen and doing all those shows that
he did before everybody would've been
fine right but they were like hey fuck
he's gonna come come at ya you need to
imagine doing no reservations now or
what is the the new show what was it
watching now and Marzano was imagine
it's like parts unknown with your host
Tim Dylan now it would not work and I
would say it would be thought it would
come get you ya know be a problem and
it's also like he was a really brilliant
guy like most people that like you're
like all we're eating food and learning
about the culture it's like you're
really not
you're just having dinner he actually
was he was because he was curious and
interested but most people that are like
that or it's just a lot of people
pretentious yeah and they think that
they're learning about the culture
through food we're learning about the
culture through dining it's like you're
not really
you're eating in a resort you're not
going anywhere outside of the resort
because you you will get harpoon so
you're eating in a resort and then
there's a black SUV that takes you back
to the airport like bulletproof it's
bulletproof armed guards flanking you
and he's you know the one time that you
didn't have that I was on the
Impractical Jokers cruise which they
have a cruise they do a cruise and
they're they're great guys and a bunch
of comics came on to entertain people
that we're waiting to see them people
waiting to see them but we would come on
and go hey and they would they would
think it was them and they'd be like
okay that's this guy and there were fun
audiences and everything but then the
cruise would dock and you would go to
this little town in Mexico that was like
clearly didn't exist it was just like
you know yeah all these cruise lines had
bought just a certain amount of
beachfront and made it a town yeah and
they do this it was called Costa Maya
they literally do this and you know you
would walk onto this beach and then
literally they would like drive you to
the little tourist area but you would
just see people running around with bare
feet
roosters I mean it was like you would
drive through like literal in crazy
poverty and you felt horrible because
you were just on a boat that had 30
chefs you were just on this disgusting
boat with a 24-hour buffet where people
are gorging themselves and then you go
to this island where like people's bones
are protruding out of their body so it's
so it's a weird it's a weird thing when
you mix those worlds of like food travel
and you know education that's often how
it is though if you if you stay in a
resort in a country like Mexico it was
in Punta Mita yeah the four seasons
beautiful resort yes so pretty I've been
ok so do you have these Gor of these
golf carts yeah you just ride the golf
carts around the resort yeah
well we decided to take the golf cart
off the resort see like what happens we
go down this way so he talked to the
guys hey we said can we go down this way
he's like um yeah I mean you can't sure
okay yeah so we go down this way me and
my fucking wife and my little kids in
the car yeah I think the oldest daughter
was with us too and we we go into the
town and as we're in the town we noticed
that there's a fucking armored vehicle
with like a tank
chase with with metal plate on the front
of it with guy with a machine gun
standing on top of the fucking tank like
in like a turret right
and then ready to rock what were you at
staying at Hotel Rwanda no no no they
have it set up to protect the resort oh
and I realized I'm like oh my god this
is a military base to protect the resort
in case some shit goes down wow this is
crazy that's crazy
they were sitting there ready and
waiting she's just sitting on the tank
yeah moppy ready to go just in case they
had a drive a few like a quarter-mile in
towards a resort that's wild
because you got to realize like I mean
when we were there fucking the Halle
Berry was there yeah I'm his folks are
there like oh yeah they don't want that
in the news oh my god they don't want
Harry the Halle Berry's head on a pike
being booked around that town in Mexico
so it doesn't do anything good for the
numbers no what you saw would happen
that Mormon family in Mexico what happen
oh every now and then something bad
somebody goes somewhere and they just
they gunned down this family they gunned
down this wife and children and
missionaries that master which is sad
but it's also like no not missionaries
they live there what they is is that
what they is they branched off yeah from
Utah in the 1800s when they changed the
polygamy laws and they started up these
colonies in northern Mexico because back
then and the 1800s before cars it really
didn't fucking matter if you lived in
Mexico or the United States right like
it was just the kind of the same your
horse for open borders here we go
there's the clip maybe it'll fix
everything right so they you know Mitt
Romney his family is from Mexico
interesting yeah Mitt Romney's dad was
born in Mexico seemed like ever least
Mexican people ever they're Mormons Wow
but they're Mormons who wanted 150 wives
they just wanted to go on a wild fuck
fest right Jesus and the only way to do
that is over the border you got to go
over the border so they set up these
towns so they set up these fucking Kampf
of Mormons Mormons with guns Old Mexico
yeah over the border in Mexico northern
Mexico and apparently the the cartel and
them had beef and they put out a fucking
hit on this family and they shot down
the wife the daughters I mean it's just
a horrific shit man
interesting lunch I think this was
recently right and I think weeks ago and
Jamie there was an article recycle that
with people who said it was kind of like
victim blaming where they like the New
York Times ran it with like
family had a violent history Oh God did
they really yeah there was a New York
Times article about this family I'm
remembering it now where they were
basically like this family's had a fight
long violent history or their name has
been synonymous with violence which is
an interesting article to write you know
right after they were massacred well it
sometimes you read articles that are
written and just like do you member went
back dad he died yeah they killed
Baghdady and they said there was a
Washington Post called them an ax store
religious scholar that's hilarious
yeah like who's the fuckin head of Isis
they threw Ryan people off the roof
right right yeah it's also weird though
that worst I don't even like when
they're like we killed Baghdad it's like
who's Big Daddy again Big Daddy Big
Daddy who's this
what no one it's you know what it's like
it's like if you're paying attention to
likes like division to college squirrels
baseball players yeah I can't pay
attention it's like so many we gotta get
over we can't live in the psychic terror
of Isis forever remember Isis that used
to just release a lot of content online
they would saw people's heads off with
those rusty things it looked like they
were doing it up the block in a
warehouse in Studio City to be quite
honest I'm sure they were I'm sure that
CIA wasn't doing that but it was a
little weird like these videos would
drop and then everybody would be like
riveted and then they would just start
beating the war drums again they'd be
like it's kinda we got to go to war look
at look at these people they're doing
horrible things and then that hasn't
happened in a while so we don't we're
not even thinking about Isis well there
was they tried Isis out yeah
when when they need slick to invest us
in something well there's not that many
of them realistically anymore yeah
there's no plotting shit but you know
their numbers have been diminished
pretty substantial yeah I think you've
said it on this show and I had a guy in
my show this guy John Kiriakou is a CIA
guy who said listen we had decimated al
Qaeda within a week or two of being in
Afghanistan yeah yeah I wanted to bring
this up with you because this is a
conspiracy that I just remembered while
we're talking about okay do you remember
when there was a journalist that was
Murphy a girl first got to be beheaded
correct and the the conspiracy theory
was he was beheaded by someone who is
other than was from Iraq that they were
supposed to be I believe was it Taliban
that supposedly did it to him or some
other sect
I'm trying to think I don't think
there's a Taliban I think he was in
Daniel Pearl I think was in Iraq right
he was in Pakistan and he was I guess it
was Taliban or you know but what the the
conspiracy theory was they were paying
attention to the size of the men who
were behind him yeah they're like this
this does not fit with our profile of
Pakistani or Muslim men this looks like
an American he looks like a big country
fed fucking American assassin right and
that they did this in sort of as a false
flag right so it was just a guy that
looked like Brendan Schaub standing
behind Samuel Pearl yeah you and Brendan
Schaub just back just sawing off his hat
yeah they were like that which was
involved to him I'm sure he would for
these that card anything for it for
anything for just free dental we would
do it but they said the hands were too
big like the guy's well I mean remember
all the photos of bin Laden a lot of
different photos of bin Laden oh yeah it
was like nine different guys yeah it
really did look like it was like not the
same person nobody in the SEAL community
has ever given me a straight answer
whether or not they believe the official
story well they all died right SEAL Team
six
no no the guy who killed them is is a
lie yeah it's been on tour I don't know
didn't a lot of people in SEAL Team six
time they not after in a crash yes yes
yes I mean it's odd what are you saying
I don't know I mean it's just wrapped in
foil I'm just saying this this could you
know I love tinfoil I mean I think I
charge your ham I think right now with
with what just happened with Epstein
people are you can't get away with this
stuff anymore well what happened with
Epstein this is what I like about it
yeah it's it was so blatant and so
outrageous that people go hey maybe they
did fucking kill Kennedy yeah like yeah
they did maybe just doing shows in Fort
Worth and I was looking at these
audiences and I was going they'd kill
him again yeah they'll kill him again
give these people a couple of shots of
tequila another shot goes right to
Kennedy's well if there was another one
like Kennedy like right let's think if
someone took over after Trump and this
guy was trying to get rid of the NSA and
get rid of CIA
and and you know and then there was
industrialists and there's something the
Mafia fucking got him in the office in
the first place your percentage they
were like hey you fucking piece of shit
yeah we're the reason why you're here we
rigged Chicago for you and so then it
has this military blunder the Bay of
Pigs and so that in the military's after
him everybody's hangry he says he wants
to splinter the CIA to a thousand pieces
and give all like peacetime intelligence
gathering capability to the military if
we had someone like that yeah some guy
like that and by the way he was fuckin
everything that moved to yeah I mean any
war on drugs and everything you know he
was enjoying himself yeah that's crazy
had a doctor dr. feelgood that's where
the name came from and they were
currently crews on dr. feelgood and it
was Kennedy's doctor yes Wow yes that's
what being president was a great job
well they all were on it that's how they
fucking got the party moving yeah just
just methods
busy men running yeah you do is hard
yeah it's true I mean listen this is the
argument for Trump being on amphetamines
right now yeah how the fuck else you
gonna run a country yeah you have to you
have to be a little amped
he's definitely amped but I like seeing
him I like seeing him you know when he
goes big what is it sidebar South Dakota
today started a new campaign anti-meth
campaign but it is on meth calm and yes
we're on it is this Logan that over 50
grand I mean there's not anybody spend
how much 450 grand of taxpayer might
have figured this oh my god this is why
people hate the government cuz nobody
was able to stop this and say hey this
is not the best this is the dumbest
fucking ad campaign I've ever seen in my
life meth we're on it that sounds like a
fucking onion article think a rap song I
love what it says go South Dakota has a
problem there isn't a single solution
because meth is widespread but we can
approach it from different angles so it
doesn't take over counties towns
neighborhoods let's work together math
we're on it guy what's up with that
fucking brown water turn that back up
put that back on how about you fix that
fucking toilet water you got your kids
swimming around and look at that water
it's disgusting yeah methods are always
in one problem yeah math is
in the top ten problems in South Dakota
meth is what you need to get on to fix
the other problems in South Dakota the
whole town councils yes unis start
cleaning but Epstein they just charged
guards I mean this is hilarious this is
a very funny comic Nick Mullen on
Twitter was like oh yeah this is the
Justice we all wanted the guards you
know no here's what's not the two prison
guards tasked with watching Jeffrey
Epstein on night he killed himself
they should fucking charged with
falsifying records and here's Searcy in
conspiracy yeah
here's why that's good somebody paid
those guys and they're gonna sing or
they're gonna die something's gonna
happen either they gonna take those guys
I think it's a way to satiate the public
I don't think there's I mean I don't
think that bar the Attorney General has
any real desire to get to the bottom of
what happened I mean this is clearly
obviously sexual blackmail Epstein was
involved with intelligence whether it's
us whether it's Mossad its somebody his
Island was a honeypot he had powerful
people and compromising positions he was
at probably like an access agent where
he would give these Intel agencies
access to into insanely powerful people
ex-presidents people like that so the if
you don't want to open up that wound
because it's just gonna it's never gonna
stop bleeding and guys like Barr who are
in you know this is a guy that's
participated in multiple cover-ups he
you know I don't think he has any really
interest in he's a lifelong government
official you could say deep state you
could say whatever it is but he's just a
career his job is to protect the
interests of these power factions in
Washington these government agencies
there's no way they open this up and
there's no there was no way that they
could have had Jeffrey Epstein in open
court pointing fingers it may be prime
ministers and presidents it would tear
countries apart it'd be the biggest
political scandal in our lifetime I just
can't believe they just merked him like
that though they didn't just Merck him
they murder twice here's what I want to
know when he tried to commit himself
suicide the first time where the cameras
broken then too
great question I don't know I don't we
never heard that
well we didn't see any footage of him
I've never seen any footage of him and
his cell I mean they haven't released
any footage of the cameras ever working
right I mean from what I can know but
I'm just saying even comment on it
remember
the first time he attempted to commit
suicide I think they got it yeah I don't
know that's a good point I mean I think
they he they found him they transferred
him I don't know if they have
photographic evidence of him doing that
Google what happened the first time
Epstein tried to kill himself because
I'm that's that's an interesting thing
where is a yes they're very into they
know for sure did they watch the footage
and see him tying a rope and then and
then they went in and go next time you
got to do it like this you tie the knot
stronger you you take off from the chair
my favorite thing was a cellmate
the cellmate that they gave oh yeah
which is like a long I it was always you
know hop yeah real up yeah from
Westchester yeah huge skinhead looking
dude Italian guy coked out giant muscles
killed a bunch of fucking people and
sold drugs Jesse just him and Epstein
they got along he was so he was like the
like Hollywood stereotype of the last
guy you would want and you wanted in a
cell with big Guido and corrupt cop with
giant muscles yeah if that's the guy I
mean that would be the guy that maybe
he's the guy who killed him
who knows means a giant fucking guy I
mean guys like that I'm sure would take
a bribe pretty easily in there yeah and
those guys don't open their mouths you
know fucking yeah why not yeah I can't
focus now he's in jail right right the
guy I'm locked up and they go look and
who knows and listen it's Tommy come on
right Tommy do this and you're in here
forever you like killing people I think
they're gonna watch the batter know if
they can do this but they got to watch
the bank accounts not obviously the
people that are paying off people are
pretty smart yeah
there's ways to hide money but somebody
got paid off substantial amount of money
yeah somewhere somewhere that might not
have you don't think so this is a weird
one like this one this one involves so
many people money might not have been
passed around right you know what I mean
like somebody just might have called in
favors but yeah where is that hey just
hide yeah where is just Lane Maxwell
that bitch is in Brazil yeah somebody
said she was in LA she wasn't LA at an
in-n-out burger with a fucking book and
they staged the agents they released a
staged photo and I don't know what the
fuck she was thinking like all America
will freak
of me if they see I'm eating fast food I
don't even understand no no no she was
trying to release a message oh yeah she
was reading a book about CIA agents that
have been murdered yeah but what's the
point of that message I'm trying to say
he's a fucking intelligence agent right
yeah yeah something that was actually
said by was it one of the Attorney
General's when their prosecutor has I
said absent would belong to intelligence
well if you just look at this is hotter
than yeah there's a so does it show the
book but there's another photo I think
you can see the side of the book hmm
okay but they also added in that that
movie posters that's right somebody
swapped out the movie poster they
photoshopped you they took advantage of
this opportunity to promote a fucking
film right the Seth Rogen movie this is
an interesting product placement in the
in the background of a human trafficker
honey sandwich Lou she's got good taste
in the list of foods brand deals she's
got an old iPhone so she's shown she's
struggling a little bit financially it's
very she's not on the new iPhone it's a
burner she's got a burner well it
probably had five different phones but
it drives me easier it is you know I
think it's hard for people to understand
that like elements of the CIA or the
Mossad would condone the abuse of
children to get leverage and information
on people but that's kind of what's
happened before yeah I think they just
figured look these 15 16 year olds
they're gonna keep their mouths shut
I mean we're talking about one when this
happened this is all a long time ago
right it wasn't that long ago like how
long ago did it start I mean it's well
it's been going on for a leaf or very
decades but right but my point was that
when it initially got started they
probably didn't have the internet right
100%
when did they when did he start bringing
people out to the island you got the
island I think late 90s or early 2000s
so nobody really understood the concept
of social media or where to go what's
really crazy is like no one's ever
accounted for how that fucking guy got
all that money well less whack snare who
was the head of Victoria's Secret was
like his mentor and they were bodies and
wexner gave them and you know it's so
funny about the mainstream press you
know the Wall Street Journal ran some
article they're like how could a guy
like les Wexner who sold women's G
forever you know get ticket totally
bamboozled by Jeffrey Epstein that's
like not nobody there thought that it
was maybe a pathological relationship
and that those guys knew each other and
maybe we're in the similar stuff or
whatever I don't know but maybe there
was a mutual benefit to them knowing
each other they think that somehow this
billionaire got bamboozled by Jeffrey
Epstein which is just insane to think
but that's the way the press thinks so
like this guy's a CEO of a multinational
I mean he's I'm sure he's didn't do
anything untoward yeah I'm sure he's
innocent yeah the the prince did you the
interview with the prince was fast
yeah well my favorite thing about that
was I think the prince is autistic or
something and the people on Twitter were
like don't make fun of him he's got some
I think he is he's got something and the
people on Twitter were like hey don't
jam him for him like okay can we just
how do you know when someone's autistic
like there's a there's a spectrum right
when is it on like when do you did you
lick a lot of strip yeah yeah bro you
got it a lot of people now for whatever
reason it's becoming more and more
obvious more diagnosed it's more
diagnosed and you I think you've even
talked about it before it's people
people are not socializing with each
other face to face as much and so
there's a lot of like awkward people
that you know maybe you're on the
spectrum and maybe aren't they're trying
to ban clapping because real problem
with loud noises yeah I'll fucking al
Prince Andrew forced to scrap visit to
flood-stricken New York as he's called
into crisis talks at Buckingham Palace
House have summoned recent crisis talks
oh right now yeah like something crisis
talk he they're gonna fucking hang him
to some of his answers were so craziest
well if my attorney advises I will he's
like I don't know when a man has said
like he went into this whole thing that
was just completely he's clearly he was
clearly had relationship with deputy and
it wasn't good I think Epstein knew how
to do it
yeah I mean facility Clinton so a lot of
these people
flew with Epstein all the time six times
yeah and I've been telling you I haven't
flown my mom 26 haven't flown with
anyone 26 times maybe Jamie and I
decided we maybe flew together 10 times
and maybe Hinchcliffe and I've done 26
times Hinchcliffe and I probably won't
as many times you'll regret that when
Tony gets outed for whatever he's doing
I mean Tony looks like a like a like a
feudal lord that's disemboweling
chambermaids so whenever they find the
bodies in his yard you will be answering
for that they gotta find home video of
Tony with Joker costume on yeah 100%
100% 100% but he's got a joker is on his
screensaver on his phone I love him I
love how he's the nicest guy in the
world but he just has that look that he
had a lot of mean and he looks he's a
lot of mean yeah yeah you see it come on
let's call me sometimes every now and
then there's a flat you know on kill
Tony which there's so much fun sometimes
I'll sit next to and then you'll see
like somebody whether comic they might
go over by and you see a flash go
through Tony and just a flash of anger
and you're like this is a real this
could be a real issue you see though
dungeon door cracks open just a little
bit and you get to see the yeah oh
absolutely yeah you just go huh I'm like
three times the size I'm terrified of
I'm just absolutely terrified of making
any founder two weeks ago this is the
girl oh man cuz she's gonna start dating
Prince Andrew I should call up dr. Phil
and ask him if I could play this footage
I'm sure Phil will be ok with that
I don't have a problem they're always a
little tiny person pretending to be a
baby yes what did she say when he talked
to her she said it's not true what did
she say she's really a baby that I want
people to hear my side they say that you
scammed this is Phil talk and they say
you scammed them and she says it's not
true at all ok but what did she say
scroll down a little bit
what did she say here Italian now lives
with another Indiana couple and their
five children lol the man's family
according to Daily Mail calm
blah blah blah ordained pastor or the
socrata men with Jesus we're all were
you at all concerned at the time that we
could be putting the
children in jeopardy McGraw asks the the
family we're supposed to help the family
says buh buh buh buh buh they just so
happened to come across this person that
was not being treated right and cared
enough to put the effort to make sure
that something was done about it she
said they're suckers they're gonna get
busted yeah I mean these are these are
people that deserve to be killed
hopefully she carves his family up is
that the person that adopted her dude by
the way look at that picture
this is an LA agent that represents
Gretta thunder and all the crisis kids
that's a great look I do hang around
tragedies looking for kids you're an
animal
why are you crying honey oh okay no are
the cameras on you keep crying throw
yourself on the floor throw yourself on
the floor right now Malala left me for a
competitor and you haven't heard her
fucking name in two years Malala she's a
girl that got shot yeah David hog won't
take a fucking meeting I've seen 30
pairs of sneakers to his dorm Jesus
Christ
tell Malala she's got to come out as
non-binary she wants to eat now
nobody gives a shit about land mines
anymore climate climate is sexy I meant
in guns clean water that hasn't been
Hobbes it's a fucking lady 92 people
even fucking drink water wait the fuck
aah
I got the coveted kids and Nathan
Phillips on a reconciliation tour
opening Felicia who is it Emma Gonzales
don't put her true she's fucked me for
the last time I have booked at Davos she
got sick you get sick at Davos we got a
new version of the pol brothers from
Syria they're fucking hilarious they do
pranks
one of them's missing an arm and they
they have fun with that it's great we've
got a kid with a cleft lip but he's cute
I want hog at Madison Square Garden
people are turning in their gums and
crying to hit
anything guns over to him in there cry
yeah this is just Jason I got a call for
David yeah just let him know that I
called we actually sent some stuff in
the mail over if we could take a look at
it
still a few sneakers and okay sure yeah
right now he has no limbs he is fucking
hilarious and he does a whole bit about
the refugee crisis you have no idea how
hard this kid is gonna hit when he hits
do you understand no limbs we walk him
out we put him in a seat and he just
fucking goes man he just goes these kids
will own you one day I will make sure of
it they will fucking on you I got a
three year old from Iceland and Gummer
he loves economics he's talking about
debt peonage I got him at the World Bank
at three weeks so I mean eventually
YouTube's gonna go we're not this we're
not participating in this are you
worried about that I know I think I am a
little bit because McGinnis is still on
YouTube I know that's true that's well
that's why I wanted I appreciate this
thank you yeah no I mean listen I like
Gavin Gavin a nice guy but the reality
is I think that YouTube seems like
they're done with like small creators my
channel is pretty small Tim Dylan show
it's not a huge channel to make it
bigger let's make it bigger
Dylan show you to please YouTube
subscribe yeah rid of it in a month I
can I can at least get mad about some
positive comments only yes they're like
sarcastic yeah they'll be somehow the
positive comments movie works great yeah
you don't look fat at all I mean so we
do these videos they're a lot of fun and
you you know that we can't do them on
network TV they're not gonna allow us no
do it no way no she's not gonna happen
yeah well what is he at now 18,000
18,000 stupid that bitch up to by the
end yeah well thank you I appreciate my
pleasure
I thought I would be able to do this
stuff on TV yeah that's not gonna happen
no but it's better this way you don't
have anybody telling you what to do
right you can't do your style of comedy
that megan mccain thing is fucking
hilarious and i know where
you only fuck daddy's not gonna let me
do that a chance at 100 I played that in
this podcast least for you you've got
you played Affleck doctorates you've
played it for like people that Nobel
laureates they're like making a point
you're like you you see to build you
Megan McCain people like what people
like I have five Pulitzer Prizes you
like take a look at this fact I yell
about its wanting to fuck his dad I wish
we could convince Megan to just like
just just I thought it would be funny
cuz I don't know I'm headlining
Caroline's in March in New York and I
thought be funny to shoot a promo where
I show up at dressed as her and just sit
in the audience of the view I thought
that would be funny but I've been
advised legally that that might not be
the best course of action
yeah Whoopi Goldberg will stab you yes
that's a great promo Whoopi Goldberg
stabbing me as Megan McCain and then
just Tim Dylan yeah I should probably
stab you cold times where she gets tired
yeah you know what I would what I would
think would be amazing is you in the
dressing room the makeup chair yeah
getting turned into Megan McCain and
Megan McCain walks in and beats the fuck
out of you that would be great if she
down for you she's cool this is how they
tortured my dad in Vietnam and they they
fucking that she gets you in an arm
listen the only person that could make
that happen is you mmm I don't think so
I don't think I could I think you're the
only guy then you got to get Tommy
Lauren on the phone that's actually
another point yeah who else what else
the Fembots how many I don't know I
don't know too many of them but I mean
Megan is here's the thing about Megan
she I do respect how much she is always
willing to be you know like annoying did
you see the thing with her in Donald
Trump jr. yeah that was heavy like him
going on the view was heavy it's like
wow oh these idiots are like fire hurts
like you can't that's to show the show
was dropped well this new dummy's good
is if the right do you run either real
opinions about Stu now I mean huddle
back talking about 9/11 well if you want
to get back at Trump you hire Rosie
again
yes that's a great job fucking hate each
other they hate each other fucking hate
each other hate me he would go on TV and
Cara loser
yeah it would just it was a when I grew
up that was a feud like I was growing up
that was a feud it was rose
Donnell and Donald Trump when he did it
on Twitter like right after he won he
was talking shit about Rosie well it was
a big guy thing with megyn kelly she was
like you've called women pigs this that
and the other thing he goes only Rosie
O'Donnell yeah it's only Rosie O'Donnell
and it got a huge pop a huge pop yeah
look he's fucking funny he knows how to
be funny what is making Holly gonna do
what's her comeback well she wants to do
a podcast yeah they actually contacted
me about coming her coming on here
interesting she wants to do I mean look
she definitely could do a podcast her
comments about blackface words were I
get that they were tone-deaf but when
you watch it in context it's weird that
she lost her job they were trying to get
rid of her for the way she said it's a
good question she's like why can't you
pretend to be someone for hire like
Diana Ross right it's not a bad question
the problem is you can't you could say
that on a podcast I just did why can't
you write you can't you can't get fired
from a podcast right but she what she
didn't understand is how they were gonna
use that to attack her and then she has
this fucking apology video it looks like
there's Isis guys behind her with a
fucking sword or her neck it's crazy the
goddamn hostage video I saw him sorry
the week she was not you know I did not
the week she was leaving Fox I was again
I was in there doing red eye I saw her
she knew she was kind of doing the wrong
thing she was sitting in the makeup
chair she just had this weird energy you
can't go from Fox to then being
America's Sweetheart on NBC well did and
she didn't pull it off but she did make
60 million a lot of money she could tell
everyone to eat her ass for 60 for the
for the end of time you know 60 million
dollars you took a shit together again
for the rest of your life that's true
her kids are safe she's sad they're all
set yeah well I would tell her to do it
too right Fox is not gonna give her that
kind of money right fucking money money
money money make money but it's not as
much money yeah as Bill O'Reilly paid
out gals well yeah well he he paid that
woman least wheel thirty two million
dollars I believe checked that Jamie
just found that wrong and this is weird
for
his ever you know my Long Island
grandfather had the Patriots welcome
Bill O'Reilly Matt every Thanksgiving
you would step right on it and you would
sit down at Bill O'Reilly Bill O'Reilly
voice was bellowing through the house oh
yeah because this was a you know this is
my grandparents who I love to death
they love Fox and they love Bill
O'Reilly because Bill was a
traditionalist for it was I people yeah
and with the thirty two million dollar
settlement Bill O'Reilly made millions
last year is he doing well he did thirty
two million dollars you have to be
guilty right there's you and some and
it's dark bad like a hairbrush up your
ass yeah piss in my mouth she's got your
fucking shoes photos and videos of him
doing crazy shit well he was renting her
it wouldn't didn't he get caught leaving
like crazy messages on some gals
voicemail yeah he said I'm gonna loot
for you before that one that was the
sixth settlement for thirty two million
he had five previous that totaled
thirteen million so he's forty five
million in the hole for that six
separate instance you know he's a
traditionalist he's a traditionalist no
scientist is a traditional listen it's
only half a hundred million it's fifty
million dollars because you made a few
boo-boos you made a few mistakes at work
all these people don't understand that a
man needs to get some things off his
chest well I think there's also there
was the environment that these guys sort
of came up in whether it's Matt Lauer or
whether it's Bill O'Reilly these guys
who are like they're your button-down on
television and then off air they will
blow off some steam oh yeah and some are
more more wacky than other ones and you
know our there was a but was didn't that
Ronan Farrow guy proved there was a
bunch of other settlements that NBC had
denied about Matt Lauer or he just put
out a book yeah catch catch him release
yeah yeah well the other thing is like
the got to remember guys like Bill
O'Reilly and Matt Lauer all right they
rose through the ranks to the heads in
there I mean it's a certain type of
person that gets there the details were
already known what his new information
knows that her agreement demanded she
turn over all evidence which she
conversed with O'Reilly and furthermore
two o'clock such evidence never existed
her settlement also required that she
lie even in legal proceedings or
if any evidence becomes public by
calling the evidence counterfeit or
forgeries sounds like Bill's got a good
attorney
yeah those attorneys not fucking around
bills attorneys got a fucking knife at
his teeth hambo bill sits down at the
ladies and goes you're gonna never work
again but you're also never gonna talk
again you're gonna keep your mouth shut
you don't need to work you don't need to
work Bill's gonna take care of
everything 32 million oh that's a good
song 32 million let me just check my
account my dick on my phone look at that
look at all the zeros that's gorgeous 32
and then after that 32 well holy shit
look on them fucking zeros and he's also
like listen you're alive he didn't kill
you can make it 32 million all right she
was scared to go home for a little bit
3200 my favorite thing about Bill
O'Reilly heroes he tried to get the
Catholic Church to excommunicate his
ex-wife she's like I'm not getting
divorced fuck her that is the best thing
he tried to send his ex-wife to hell
daddy's bit and by the way mother of his
kids yes like let's say he got it done
in his world to you in the Catholic
world you she's going to hell so he
would have to sit down with his kids and
go now you know your mother's going to
hell and I made that happen
didn't he also tried to get the marriage
annulled so you didn't have to get
divorced I think so but I remember that
he was like if we can annul it just do
myrrh to hell just ex communicator and
let her sled the woman that gave me
children just live on the lake of fire
forever well here's the real question a
freak like that doesn't just I mean he
was a freak deep into his 60 and he's
still a freak now yeah he's still afraid
people don't and I think now it's
there's a lot of NDA's which there
should have been back then whatever he
had break those yeah I'm not get caught
up in fuck Island oh because I don't
know he's a traditionalist you probably
like some dirty overseas he's a Long
Island guy he likes an old woman he can
be he doesn't what a young chick on an
island he wants a woman who's terrified
who's life's been horrible with us
Horowitz to test our speech men hearings
oh the O'Reilly Bill O'Reilly calm yeah
I think it has massive traffic - OH
does really yeah I didn't we find this
out that his videos have like fucking
hundreds and millions of views or
something ridiculous it's on his own
sites
be really hard to know but didn't we
doesn't he have some things on YouTube
or something like that I so much I'm
gonna have to go eventually I'm gonna
have to go to Joe Rogan calm and just
have videos up otherwise as things grow
like you're still under the umbrella of
these companies I don't say anything so
outrageous other than this episode where
I could get yanked off the air I'm
blaming you
but it's worth oh yeah I guarantee
there's gonna be a problem later and I'm
gonna text Jamie a bit why are you guys
not because you're dumb video no one
wants your fucking lives for the biggest
show match well or whatever yeah I think
um but the problem is YouTube comes with
its own built-in audience right there's
people that are already subscribing on
YouTube I mean we have millions of
subscribers we tell those people hey
just kind I know you come we come over
here come over here I think you'll all
go yeah I don't know about that I just
don't know what the future for cuz
there's guys that are like david dobrik
huge youtubers that are making all this
money and then a lot of them have talked
about their ad revenues been cut
substantially oh yeah well a lot of so a
lot of them are starting podcasts a
globe you all started a podcast a lot of
these guys are going oh the ad money's
gonna move in a podcast
well podcasting is a little cleaner in
that if you have an audience it's just
an RSS feed and it gets aggregated
through iTunes and through the Android
apps and all these different apps do you
think right now supposedly and I don't
know you would know more about this to
me that there's something that is
transcribing podcasters and there's a
way that they're gonna transcribe
podcasts that are going forward and and
you know ones that have already happened
and is that potentially a way to you
know do you think anyone's gonna
eventually have to have a license a
podcasting license like do you think
this will not be the Wild West anymore
and is it are they gonna come in and try
to regulate this to any degree would you
think I think the cats out of the bag I
think the box is open you know I just
don't think you can at this point in
time but I think the clamps the way you
put the clamps down is D monetization if
they've done that you know they've done
that with a lot of people they've
demonetised them off of youtube they've
cut out their patreon they've cut out
PayPal they've done all these different
things to keep them from being able to
make money which is a comment
even if I disagree with somebody even if
I think what they're saying is abhorrent
as long as they're not harassing or
threatening boxing people I I'm never
somebody who says they shouldn't be
allowed to have a platform I agree and
also the problem is what you're doing by
D monetizing someone that's saying
something that's very popular they say
if you have a channel and you channel as
you know half a million subscribers and
you're not doing anything particularly
egregious you're not calling for the
death of people you know right if you
are goofy right you're not overtly
racist but if they deem monetize you
what it also does it sends a signal to
people that are also like that that
maybe haven't stepped out that far yet
to like all rein it back a little bit
wrap yourself sensor it's like there was
a quote it's like kill one man scare a
thousand yeah yeah I mean that's what
you do I mean that is what you do yeah I
mean that's the the why the fuck why do
you think they put Wesley Snipes in jail
for tax evasion just to prove no hey you
fuck you're going to jail my hell same
thing go to jail you're going to jail
jail right regular jail like regular
people jail it doesn't matter if you
feel like paying the money back oh you
know my accountant logic doesn't care
get the fuck in the jail they're sending
a message yeah they're sending a message
so do you think I think after December
12th YouTube's gonna be able to if your
channels not commercially viable they'll
be able to just get rid of it if they
want that is a that's a way for them to
stop something in its tracks
okay that's what I think so say if some
new guy comes along like you you come
along spitting fire talking shit and
everybody's getting fired up and oh my
god look what he said about Meghan
McCain
I mean Meghan McCain calls up YouTube
you listen we're gonna take the view and
we're gonna pull it off of youtube yeah
get rid of that fucking fat fuck that's
yeah fascinating me that is this I
sometimes I wonder yeah if like the
shadow banning and stuff is cuz I just
made Gary Vaynerchuk mad and I'm like I
don't you know I made a joke about him
do you think he's powerful enough to
just go to all these companies and be
like maybe I don't know right I don't
think you would do that I love you I I'm
inspired by you every day it's all a bit
it's a bit solid joke I think it's great
when you happen with him well I mean I
you know I have a joke about him I
really you know have a joke I made a
little video about him because some of
the things he tweets he tweets like
kindness is delicious come on what are
we doing
he puts out a little too much contest
but it's also like all my loser friends
think you're gonna be the CEOs of
companies because this guy is telling
them there's a business inside of
everyone and there's not there's just
not a business inside of every but
there's a lot of people that you
shouldn't be like you know they should
just fall in line fall in line we don't
need everyone thinking that they're
gonna be the next Slayer he's got to
send the message out there as if
everyone can be that way the people that
are listening and get it
the people that get like they're like
okay he's saying everyone can that means
me I'm gonna go for it and then they
make it and I appreciate him doing that
but I need to send the message that most
people can't a lot of people show in the
same way that he has a message I have a
message my message is you're not it's
not gonna happen and he has the but it's
also there's no specific guidance with a
lot of these guys not only him but he'll
say things like you could talk about it
or you could do it but you better do
both and it's like well what's the in
like he tweeted once because ideas are
shit it's all about execution it's like
execute what what are we gonna do I need
my kids are sick
can you text me do I meet you somewhere
how do we start this how do we build
these businesses are we gonna do it
together
why do you think he got mad he got mad
I'm just kidding I don't know if he's
mad or not I wonder if a guy like that
has a sense of humor I'm a Keynesian
then you get pulled that you did my my
did garyvee thing they took it off
YouTube no I mean they took it off
Instagram IG no I then he walked in a
room with a bunch of guys in little
hoodies and he was like get this fatty
and they did that because I respect
power respect power Gary I get it I'm
just saying I'm a funny guy me and you
will do a podcast Gary it's fine he's a
small I respect him I respect him he's a
smart guy right he's smart he's I just I
wonder how many successful people need
that like just Warren Buffett like look
his phone ago it's time to hustle I
don't know get a parody of you removed
from instant probably didn't I'm just a
consider to abstain YouTube I want to
hear what you said and I want to see
what was the trigger well
also waved a knife around this stuff
that should have done the president it
was it my whole point was it when you
make these when you'd give people very
general and vague I need to see this now
I need a smoke district general and
vague advice what sometimes happens is
that you know you know people can you
like gave it hard tweeted the other day
he goes it's the hardest days in our
lives that makes us who we are
so then I sub tweeted it and I wrote
okay so no gun control right I mean and
my point there is not to say anything
shitty about Hogg but to say listen if
you're just gonna tweet vague
meaningless horseshit all day like
that's all that kid does David Holloway
company because racism is bad and it
gets 42,000 likes it's like cut the shit
out well isn't he like 17 he's a child
we got to stop listening to children
yeah well that was Louie's joke yes out
parkland survivors he's back I feel he's
back he's killing my fucking French so I
showed you have Nettie's think it's the
best hour it's amazing
I heard he murdered a guy them guy did a
review of him he said I have a very
complicated relationship with louis c.k
i think what he did was horrible i was a
fan of his i was greatly disappointed
but then I saw his new set and was
fucking amazing yes yes no one even
knows what he did he's like I think what
he did was horrible to describe what he
did the guy's like ha well I you know
did you see that girl that oh here I
found you found okay play this I missed
Twitter by the way well it's on Twitter
sweat hey by the way stop pausing for a
second shout out to Twitter shout out to
Twitter Thank You Twitter they let it
wither let megan mccain fly they let it
all flow twitter lets everything fly
that you could take it in the ass on
twitter their porn it's an adult website
this is for adults I just love that they
do that they kept the Megan McCain thing
up
whereas YouTube or Instagram took it
down Instagram yeah two things taken
down well maybe it was that who strikes
buddy that's why I'm not I'd merely put
the videos on Twitter on you on the
Instagram anymore cuz I don't wanna lose
my account good call let's see let's
hear this I learned the most important
world ever stop lying and just keep
hustling guys we're building businesses
here where do I need you man
I can do it and so you can say it or you
couldn't do it but I highly recommend
you do both oh I'll do it I'll say it
and I'll do it I used to work in a
liquor store for seven straight years
and the only days off I took work to
watch the New York Jets and you know
what that did it made me throw up on
myself so that was a vacation sick
nobody gives a fuck about your problems
I should kill the president stupid maybe
it's like 3:00 a.m. come on it's fucking
hilarious
Gary you know it's a commit we just
gotta have a little fun Gary we love you
we love you Gary
congratulations on all your success
opening right on my show anytime you
want to come he's been a miner it's more
hyped about going on yours honey a pair
of sneakers were they're too small I 13
a fan you 12 a fan of his sent me a pair
of his sneakers and actually their case
with sneakers name on but they're nice
and comfortable yeah he sent me like ten
and a half so my feet are all fucked up
in them yeah did you see that you guys
are my making Micheli she has a youtube
channel now doesn't know that I'm Megan
Mackay her first video that she's
selling makeup was talking to the CB at
the girl that was fired from CBS
Brian putting out that ABC clip and
changed like she was falsely fired yeah
she said she didn't even do it and then
the the guy project veritas guy said it
wasn't her either
right yeah so somebody so she got fired
for nothing right it's but did she was
she the one who captured it though she
did but in her defense she said that was
her job her job was to capture things
right Martin in turnover in case anybody
wanted to use it the wolf yeah yeah and
also for she said for like blooper reels
it could have been for anything there's
lots of things they market do that when
you do a sitcom
you know they do the blooper reel
where every time you fuck up your line
like we still love those for Newsradio
which claim at the end of the the season
at the wrap party would play the blooper
reel that's probably what they were
doing yeah thing is about those new
shows
there's no season it just callin baby it
just keeps going and going and I was
listening here the thing he did with
Matt and Taibbi and he was like yeah
they just want access to people they
just want to interview like Will and
Kate they're like we're not gonna get
too sticky in this no you know yeah they
want access and that's what they don't
want to throw away yeah some clearly
depend on people in the government to
get access and if you're a pariah and
you're on the outside you don't get the
White House you know the trespass you
know think about this obscene thing is
it's like such an open door in cheese
beers always puts an open door to a lot
of powerful people having to account for
themselves and that's not in their plan
I think that's part of what's happening
to YouTube where they're like we don't
like the idea that somebody like Alex
Jones can start a channel and have more
views than the nightly news we that
means we're losing power and we're
losing control uh-huh and I think that
somewhere whether it was in Davos or
whatever Bilderberg conference it was a
roomful of people that were like we got
a we got a rain Technology in a little
bit you don't think that there's some
thought to that
it certainly is yeah these are
uncomfortable well their money
especially people that have already done
things that are illegal immoral
unethical and there's like there's some
sort of evidence of them right but this
guy was like the cream of the crop right
but what he was was like the if you're a
conspiracy theorist looking for
something really crazy this is a
best-case scenario because it has
everything and there's powerful people
that it's underage girls it is all the
equations
it has illegal sexual activity with
underage girls on an island that he
flies you to the temple raising painted
the color of the Israeli flag yet
there's a lot of but also its unfolding
in real time yeah but it's also it's an
island that people called fuck Island
really a pedophile Island kid fuck
Island whatever it is is like a James
Bond movie it's absolutely it's like a
weird Tom Clancy novel about but this
this guy clearly was allowed to get away
with this the first deal he got was a
very sweetheart deal we all you know he
he he was allowed to go home during the
day this
was a guy that was you know convicted of
you know having sex moleska
fourteen-year-old what they convicted
him off I think had to do with massage
well something it was a
fourteen-year-old girl and then he was
allowed one of the things the provisions
was to not name any co-conspirators so
that first deal was like he was not
gonna have to now this that wasn't gonna
work like that this time they were gonna
be like you're now gonna sin and nobody
was letting out what do you think
they're doing with the guards
you think they're like putting pressure
on the guards then go ahead you tart for
me it up fill us in the black yeah
they're gonna probably that why the
guard said no to a plea bargain which I
thought was very interesting that's very
interesting too I don't know it doesn't
seem I would have to have faith that I
think there's elements in the FBI and
there's probably elements in the
government that want to get to the
bottom of this but they're going up
against a wall of people that don't want
to get to the bottom of this we're
talking billionaires we're talking about
people that run countries we're talking
about ex-presidents we're talking about
you know potentially intelligence
agencies and they're gonna just hit that
wall yeah I like the old ones better
with no consequences like the Kennedy
assassination
it's done it's all over it's just where
is this right now it's unfolding in real
time and it's great I remember when I
woke up and he was killed so many people
had messaged me they were like this is
kind of what you you know said was gonna
happen in it in it in the fucking happen
like this is the craziest thing ever
prisons chief says FBI are looking at
possible criminal enterprise in
Epstein's death yeah okay well wow what
is that what does that mean what does
that mean what does that mean these guys
are very good at what they do if this
was Mossad or if it was CIA effort was
akin Intel or if even if it was
billionaires that contracted this out to
I mean these people are very good at
what they do
did you ever read the book the strange
death of Vince Foster no no no Vince
Foster was a guy well I know that I know
that he shot himself what in a head
twice or something no no something
before he was about to testify and white
yeah he was about to testify he shot
himself
the gun was still in his hand there was
less body at the scene of the crime than
was missing from his body they think his
body was potentially moved these are all
conspiracies that I read I don't know
how much of his actual factual it was
one of the first ones that I remember
reading well there was one about was
very interesting and that's very
interesting but there was this after
oklahoma city there was a cop named
Terence leaky and he started to
investigate what had happened because he
just wasn't he didn't think it was just
one guy he didn't think it was just
McVeigh and and yeah this guy Terry he
ended up like again shooting himself in
the head and then crawling a mile and
climbing a fence because he wanted to
die somewhere more private that was like
the official story so michael hastings
journalist in l.a ended up going you
know right by really good restaurant
austria matzoh said to his wife and kids
hey to his wife he was like listen I've
gone off the grid I'm working on a big
story I think people are fucking around
with my car a day later or two days
later his car accelerates into a tree
right in the middle Hollywood so things
are happening you know not just that
yeah the engine yeah I flew out of the
car which is never supposed to happen
it's indication of some sort of
explosion the conspiracy yeah and if any
of that think of any of those stories if
any of them had happened in Russia if
any of them had happened in another
country what would all of the
journalists in America be saying you
know the Hastings origin story do you
know what happened I don't know the
origin story it's the story he went to
Middle East and he was embedded and he
was only supposed to be there for a
short period of time but then the
volcano happened okay remember that
volcano blew and they couldn't fly right
so then he seized a journal right with
that McChrystal yeah um or I think
McChrystal Stan's McChrystal Yentl and
he heard them say a lot of shit that he
wasn't supposed to hear they joked
around about a lot of things and he put
that in the story they got comfortable
with him they thought he wouldn't fuck
them and he fucked them they treated him
the same way they treat everybody they
tell jokes they joked around about Obama
right and he wrote the run and we
channel men yeah they're fucking blowing
off steam in a goddamn war zone the run
run away general the profile that
brought down McChrystal so this is he's
the guy that wrote it and McChrystal
Michael hosting McChrystal was like
beloved you're loved by the troops and
he had to step down so when he had to
step down
that's when people were saying oh well
that's probably why they killed them
yeah it's very possible I mean you make
those kind of enemies like we talked
about Kennedy it's like you make that's
the thing with conspiracy theorists they
think everything's just five guys in a
room it's not there's a lot of powerful
people with a lot of money and resources
that can make your life very hard yeah
they can't are you in the press that can
slander you and that guy clearly or they
can get rid of you
I mean Hastings clearly fucked that guy
over he fucked that guy over I mean he
said I'm just gonna go for it this way
Casey's probably was like listen that's
what I do as a journalist here people
dying this is a war and I'm gonna do
what I feel I have to do but it's also
like those people are over there in the
most duress filled situations on earth
yes and I think it's so weird that we
look at that from times of peace or from
the land of peace the environment of pee
yeah and even comprehend race they just
had jokes of course
yeah a hundred percent I mean what did
he I don't remember what he said that
was so awful I forget what he said but I
knew it was it made Obama because Obama
is still the commander in chief so the
idea that you have a higher you know of
a very big general openly mocking the
commander in chief in Rolling Stone
magazine is probably not a good look and
and then you got it just because of you
know the way that things work he's gotta
jam yeah whoo what did McChrystal say
about Obama the gun fired Trump just
pardoned somebody and I forget he was a
controversial military guy he was a seal
that I was accused of taking a
photograph with a dead body that was and
it was he but what Trump did he didn't
pardon him he gave him his rank back
okay so he was his rank was stripped and
that would have cost him a lot of money
and benefits yeah and Trump reinstated
his his military status okay yeah yeah
it's a very I know there was a lot of
opinion Republic story it was a very
very very controversial story the whole
thing was I get that things happen in
war time that we you know sitting here
in the cushy environment in Los Angeles
like couldn't possibly understand but I
do think you know you you you can't just
let chaos of it become its own law right
because then it kind of defeats the
purpose of whatever the hell were
trying to do yeah sure yeah I'm sure for
sure
he says Obama angry after evening
McChrystal's remarks yeah I'm sure it
does
found a couple in the actual article it
said like he looked intimidated in front
of brass or something like that did
Obama - yeah oh that's what they were
saying first thing that it was said hey
this is what you said it was like this
is what you would talk about with your
friends you had a couple of drinks
Christel thought Obama uncomfortable
intimidated by roomful military brass
their first one-on-one meeting took
place to Oval Office for months later
after McChrystal got the Afghanistan job
didn't do much better it was a
ten-minute photo ops as an adviser to
McChrystal Obama clearly didn't know
anything about him who he was
here's the guy who's gonna run this his
fucking war but he didn't seem very
engaged the boss was pretty disappointed
now let me let me defend this for a
second if I was Obama um I would be
intimidated as fuck of course you're
gonna you just became president and
you're going in around these generals
who are like the the the baddest
military motherfuckers on earth in the
middle of a real war but they have to
kill bad guys yeah and this is what
you're relying on to kill these bad guys
who could be very very dangerous and
Obama had no experience he does you're
gonna be intimidate other thing it was
like it wasn't engaged he didn't know
this has always been my take on it
there's no I mean about being a
president there's no fucking way
you could be on top of everything camp
there's no way I don't think we even
comprehend all the different things you
have to be paying attention to if you're
gonna be the fucking president but
whether it's social issues economic
issues climate issues military taxes did
write decline in the stock market this
and that and then you're in Twitter Wars
or people to spend time and then this
foreign policy get like Korea holy shit
there's so many things it's impossible
and he probably didn't know how to
assert himself and he probably even
though it didn't work out so well I mean
what the fuck do you tell a guy like
McChrystal who's running US war if
you're Obama do you fire and probably
doesn't know interesting - you don't get
rid of them no really no
the president he's right the guy's right
right I know it's fucking intimidating
right now you you bring the guy and you
give him respect do you have a
conversation with them and you say look
I'm not a perfect person
you know if I handled that incorrectly
I'm just learning how to be the fucking
President of the United States
it's a crazy gig I mean he's only in his
40s right reign as amazing as he is his
intelligence is so as well read and
articulate as he is he's still fucking
kind of young to be running the greatest
army the world's ever worse everybody is
nobody's qualified yeah it's too crazy
crazy I wouldn't know I got in I mean
let's have a fucking drink man yeah look
I disrespected you if you felt bad I'm
someone you kill Michael Hastings
together together Obama brings
McChrystal in ago let's kill them
together that's it if that's it Jesus
Christ imagine that getting you whacked
well that would be less an alligator you
act I know but that seems to me like men
could have worked that out they should
have I mean yeah I seem like it I mean
I'm never gonna be the fucking president
I have no desire to be a mayor of
anything are you can his moderate debate
live people wanna charge I'm just
talking people walk away from all this
stuff don't you you're not leaving well
no more moving away from more but one
thing I would try to do in a situation
like that is set an example of how I
want my neighbor's to act I don't want
my neighbor's to fucking cancel each
other if one guy says the other guy
looked intimidated about something to
his wife and you hear about it part of
that is because you're a fighter and you
came up with that conflict resolution
and you have you know isn't that do you
think part of that's martial arts what
you look at situations are now
I mean maybe but it's also a sense of
camaraderie I know people can work out a
lot more problems and they think they
can that's probably true I think it's
better it's a better plan for everybody
most people will fucking engage you
angry if you engage them angry but most
people if you go Kyle come on man I'm
not looking for any trouble and they
know you're sincere you like this this
is how I felt maybe you felt different
they made this maybe this is how you
felt but let me tell you how I meant
what I meant what I said and I fucked up
the way I said it or I did this or maybe
I should have been more sensitive let's
work it out yeah what's working out it's
becoming harder to do that with
technology but when you got the
president who fires the fucking number
one general he's like you know you said
something about me being intimidated get
the
fuck you can't man yeah LC say you say
something else Oh
in person in private T McChrystal likes
to talk shit about many of Obama's top
people in the diplomatic side one-eighty
calls Jim Jones a retired four-star
general fetching the Cold War a clown
who remains stuck in 1985 but listen
this is what guys do here's the thing
you're asking this guy you're asking is
got to be a fucking assassin for freedom
right that's what friends do right
right out there Merkin bad guys and
other parts of the world you send him
over there and then you want him to
follow the same human resource codes
that a guy who was the fucking manager
or Morgan or something does even like
fucking go anything yeah yeah yeah
perfect right you're asking of course
the guys on edge right friends are
getting killed right you've got make the
decisions that will send thousands of
men potentially to their debt of course
yeah of course he's on edge yeah call
someone a clown it's amazing that's all
he does right that's just amazing us and
find the people he hates and cuts their
fucking heads off yeah okay that's what
he's dude you're you're turning him into
a warrior right yeah he's a warrior he's
a professional soldier you're sending
him to these insane places of conflict
you're upset if you call somebody a
clown yeah that's stupid
it's insane yeah men should be able to
work things like that out I know but
this is you know they don't they should
be able to work things out people hold
grudges for a long time and that those
grudges become you know policy and
that's so ridiculous crazy meant to be a
man you have to be a clown every now and
then you fuck up absolutely that's just
part of being a man it is that this
illusion of the involuntary
if I don't do this I will look weak
I sure sure I don't know I could never
imagine never imagine that gig that gig
is fucking Impostors if they're any
human it's a very good chance I will not
be the president I mean look at Obama I
mean like a fucking Harvard graduate
brilliant guy lawyer super articulate as
polished as they ever get smart even he
can't do it right no
it's not designed to be done right you
can't do it man yeah well we're doing if
your truck it can't eat if you're old
what's the end stage of the Empire it's
like we've had you know basically we're
just trying to land the plane or we're
trying to sustain well I know everyone
knows there's too much kind of comfort
there's too many things coming that are
no president and no political solution
will help right and that's AI and
automation yeah
Brian and rege I love Angie angry I
don't know what like his rallies he's on
a skateboard all the time he's like we
have a lot of fun at our rallies it's
like but the whole point of your
campaign is like in five years forty
percent of us are gonna be fighting for
water yeah and then he's like
skateboarding around his rallies he's
just he's gonna dance that dance of
making people like him yeah that's the
thing about low for president very very
nice guy and he's just he gets what's
happening he scared me
yeah we started talking about uh the
automation taking over jobs and about
universal basic income people gonna
needed to stay alive and survive I'm
like whoa like me maybe this guy's like
the fuckin you know the beginning of the
Terminator with someone's warning you
yeah you know we'll kill him he'll be
going into a tree next week if it keeps
this up he won't be because no one's in
charge of the Machine right it's nuts
with this machine of AI no one really
once it goes once god I'm so scared of
it I really think that we are with the
last human era where the last two do you
think with the end of the human era well
this is this is the path that I see this
is what freaks me out
I see technology right technology is
innovating on this accelerated pace
super accelerated and it started out
very rudimentary it started out when we
were really complicated so we were
really complicated and it was like flint
tools right went from flint tools to a
bow and arrow with a flint on the end of
it to a fucking canoe to a house to this
to of that to elasticity and solar
panels and it just kept getting better
and better and better and better at an
insane accelerated rate but we look like
the same people that made the fucking
arrowhead right right we didn't evolve
we're not at fault we may be devolving
we're going the other I'm sure we're
evolving in terms of intelligence we
certainly have more access to
intelligence or if to information
yeah anybody's ever had ever and it's
hard to tell exactly what gets passed
down from parent to child but I think
it's
pretty likely that some data gets passed
down and not just from interacting with
the parents while you're growing up I
think shit you I think you get some that
maybe you don't know what it is right
maybe you don't recognize it right some
memories in your head or something nice
yeah understanding of what's bad and
good absolutely I think that's why some
people are afraid of spiders because
it's some shit that's in their DNA no
you know they're like they have a
particular fear of some right because
somewhere in their memory someone's DNA
had I got bit by a spider right
interesting she was again in print yeah
and I think we are just slow as fuck
like every other thing on this planet
when you see an eagle a thousand years
ago it looks like a fucking eagle it's
gonna look like a fucking eagle a
thousand years from now right got the
design down that's it it swoops in
against the salmon there's no it's great
it's got out but we we're not we can't
keep up with this fucking thing we made
so one of the ways thing we made is
gonna take old why don't we slow it down
why don't we legislate it and say let's
just not why do we have to be victims of
this we can stop it we can shut it down
right good question I mean this just
don't think anybody would ever do it
because I think everybody is profit I
mean there's so many countries that are
profiting off in so many businesses that
are profit offering so many people like
you and me that use its all the time the
conveniences expedience now art a lot of
our lives at careers are at the mercy of
algorithm 100 person the algorithm now
is that it's the gatekeepers are done
they're done it's the algorithm yeah
they're deciding who sees your stuff and
and who can see it and who becomes a fan
and who doesn't yes
so that's AI already running our careers
in lives well that's programmed I mean
what that is is like computer learning
and it's their algorithm is essentially
just set up to figure out how to make
the most money possible right it turns
out that's keep us arguing with each
other right most money possible it's
really kind of fucked up yeah
imagine if it got like if it got extra
money for us beating the fuck out of
each other like would if someone made
like a Twitter or a tender right for
just people to meet and beat the fuck
out of each other legally yeah like what
if like people that'll happen oh right
now maybe I just invented it
but you have a tinder where people could
just meet up somewhere have fights just
beat each other's asses and it turns out
that's more profitable because more
people want to watch you beat the fuck
out of each other then even turning you
on to the new abortion article
Facebook doors yeah because you really
really really engage them people are
beating the fuck out region what is it
that makes when people are fighting why
is it that these guys are making more
money is it because we're just on more
we're online more because we're fighting
yes so I'm gonna get the Starbucks gift
card because I'm fighting with my aunt
who thinks she's queueing on or what
also because they also because they know
what you've been googling say say maybe
you've been googling a Rolex write a
specific role she's like you really got
my eye on right and it's like showing
you those ads um you're like if you
google something I will Google something
and I'll Google Hotel because I'm like I
wonder I wonder how much of cost for
that hotel I'm going to this town and
then they will give me on my facebook
you know newsfeed for the hotel oh yeah
so as long as you're also negativity
will just keep you on those sites yes if
you're if you here's the thing most of
my recommendations are all muscle cars
and martial arts stuff and and hunting
stuff like that right those are the
things that are watched that's most of
the recommendations that I get but
already did a trick where the monkeys
yeah the puppies thing and it really
worked but if you're a person that's
just mad all the time is looking for
fucking conspiracies looking to get
pissed my facebook is all negative like
Facebook doesn't have anything positive
now every status is like I just had a
knee operation there's dead dogs
everywhere it's littered with dead pets
everybody's like I you know can you help
here's a GoFundMe my neighbor's house
burned down like everything is just
human tragedy yeah and finding there's
money in that right you know what it is
nobody on Facebook's like by the way I
had a great day and I just love my
family everybody's like I I need help
right now or I'm gonna die what when
didn't Facebook it turned it was college
kids try a bit about it was like these
were college kids just trying to fuck
yeah and now it is the complete opposite
which is elderly people screaming at
each other well it's gone I'm more of an
old person's thing it's a Boomer thing
and my aunt loves it she's on Facebook
all the time talking about she thinks
she's talking to Trump on Facebook
directly well she has a few glasses of
wine and percocet and she goes in and
you know you know somebody's good when
they dig in on Facebook can they go I
just got out of facebook jail that's my
thing oh yeah when they come back that's
when you know you got a live one they go
I just got out of face
book Jail so they go I'm gonna take it
slow but and then they start within a
few statuses they struck getting back
into light hey here's Nancy Pelosi's
address and Michelle Obama's a man or
whatever that's a big one that's a big
one huge that's a big this is a giant
conspiracy that Michelle Obama was on
this in the he was an early adopter I
had somebody who's kind of intelligent
and then I respect tried to tell me he
was like it's true oh dude there's a lot
of people that believe this it's
hilarious the kind of wild though they
thinking that she's a rapper dying or
saying she's a transverse it just based
on the way that her pants like bunch up
this is nonsense of course not yeah the
image is based on her pants bunching up
a hundred percent but somebody like
pretended I mean listen he wasn't wrong
about appstate hey he's right about a
lot of she's right about a lot I don't
think that's true I don't think he's
drinking when he's having fun
August 27 alex has been that summer and
the showed who's getting torched then
Alex told me he is ninety days clean
ninety days in December my goal I really
want to go in for is in December where
Santa hats with him and sing like Happy
Holidays this is what I can do it I
really want to do that just schedule
something that cap city I would yeah I
would love to do it and I want to go on
there put during the holiday so we could
have Santa hats on and it would be nice
and festive I did a show last time Rosa
yeah I love cap city two crazies up one
of the graves is a great town for comedy
because he's a great they like to laugh
themselves well they're very unusual yes
that they're Texas but they're also like
a little San Francisco right you know
it's like San Francisco fuck Texas
absolutely no Texas would fuck Sam Texas
is fucking Sanford Texas is doing the
fuck but San Francisco would only
comment there's weird shit involved yeah
yeah yeah like you gotta you'd have to
dinner to bleed or something Austin's
fun because they laugh at themselves
it's that weird collision of we aren't
certainly Texas you're in it's a capital
of Texas yeah but you have a lot of
progressive people so that fusion I
think anytime you have a like Boston's
great comedy town or DC it's because
there's a natural tension that you can
kind of just touch on this tension
points as a comedian because Boston I
was like
a lot of working-class people a lot of
Ivy League people there's a lot of race
issues DC is the whole political divide
so I think if you touch on those tension
points and Austin certainly has them
yeah they it's it's got everything yes
it's like it's a weird mixture of like
cowboys and hippies and yeah really
liberal folks barbecue restaurants we
don't wait nine hours to get in
psychedelic culture yeah a lot of
artists it's a very interesting look
like I'll point at a restaurant I'll be
like is that a homeless shelter they'll
be like no it's the highest rated
restaurant in the state you know it's an
odd place things that don't hang
themselves senator Kennedy drops Epstein
joke demands answers at hearing so
hearing today and the Senator Kennedy
said he cracked and ever since one of
the Kennedys I guess right that's okay
oh we don't need to hear it I like that
they're having fun we don't know who he
is he's trolling he's getting his name
out there he's having I like that
they're having fun with the idea that a
cabal of pedophiles run the government
just having fun dude I mean let's listen
maybe that's not the case I don't know
I'm sure we'll get to the bottom then
everything will be okay unfortunately
I'm sure everything will be okay it's
just what a it's what a sick fucking
reality it's a sick reality and whatever
whatever we do know of it for sure is a
problem is a real real big problem and I
think that there's a lot of people that
are just like I said when we talked last
time I said it's not in your daily life
you don't think about this shit right
you don't think about those crazy sites
on the dark web they're getting three or
four hundred thousand hits mm-hmm where
it's like who the fuck are those people
right who are those people signing on to
the dark web to watch all this fucked up
shit somebody out there you're somebody
in a cubicle right now is sitting next
to somebody who's a monster yeah and you
would never know it because you're like
hey how are you and there's a coffee
machine working and they go home and
they it god only knows right because
it's like there's just a lot you know
these human trafficking sweeps when they
sweep these people up there's like a lot
of them yeah it's just really why do you
know that I read somewhere that there's
more slavery today right now then from
then was in 1865 when they made slavery
illegal
that is interesting so when slavery was
legal in the United States and 18
sixty-four there's more slavery today in
places like Libya all over the world in
Africa the sheer numbers of the world do
you think without people that are
working electronics con you Google you
think they count people that works very
skeptical I've read that more than once
now I'm pretty close to being Jaime
checked out at Michelle Obama was a man
these guys are on the road I'm not going
down Eddie sent me like a boomerangs 40
million suppose I mean they're what
flavory that including us
sex trafficking any human trafficking
victims there's lots of they including
people that work for Apple and like
those factories Foxconn those are crazy
nice that seems odd it seems odd that we
lo well you know that's how they do it
there what incidence modern-day slavery
are likely to increase as a result some
of the biggest challenges facing the
world today so they're saying there's an
estimated 40 million people are enslaved
around the world and a quarter than my
children now let's be crazy when an
American will argue how many slaves were
there in 1864 in America were arguing
about whether the chicken sandwich shop
we like supports our views yes it's very
important that's what we're behind but
fuckin right or not well if they have
the world very fun watching fat people
threatened chick-fil-a well the
chick-fil-a thing is strange is like are
they affecting policy if they're
affecting policy understand what it
means they're probably listening they're
a corporation they probably looked at
themselves and said we won't expand into
more liberal cities and shit they're not
you know okay here it goes yeah Wow
there's only thirty 1 million people
back in 1869 that's total that's the
whole population that's everybody yeah
million three Wow
dude yeah we had last season look about
that in 1860 the census counted 31
million people in the United States
right right three thousand nine hundred
of them were slaves man 3 million excuse
me 3 million 950,000 960 Oh 760 of them
were slaves and most of them were Irish
so it's one tenth yeah one tenth of them
were fuckin slightly more it's more than
one yeah one tenth of the people it was
Bay it was one out of ten people was a
slave that since
yeah it was not a good that was not a
good period dude that's insane yeah that
wasn't our best time just stopping that
that's hard to believe
well that's what people don't understand
I think when they when they talk about
like you know racism being over it's
like this was a massive thing and it
didn't stop at slavery it was like
another hundred years of people not you
know being denied opportunities not just
that people have murdered murdered lanch
hold not only got being pulled over by
cops and yeah bullshit wrapped up tribes
and they just sent him to jail and they
come work for now crazy
they basically reinstated slaves as a
lot of these jails yeah they have a lot
of prison labor what tulsi called Kamala
Harris out yes come on Harris is like
one of these people she went hard on her
yeah what's going on what do you think
Tulsi is I mean she's not polling well I
don't know about she's tough - yeah
she's wrong guy I'm if I'm talking about
it you know what it's like it's like a
guy who doesn't know jack shit talking
to me about the UFC right that's that's
how I sound
yeah yeah that's really how it works
right
let me explain yes the situation and I
think she's I mean I like her I like
that she went back at Hillary that was
if do you think Hillary's getting back
in I think so I don't think so not with
all this Epstein thinks she's probably
gotta kill a few more people probably
busy great conspiracy theory Biden wins
he has Hillary is his VP he gets
impeached cuz the Ukraine stuff and the
Hillary becomes the president he'll
Tulsi gabbard's feud with Clinton helped
extend her time in the spotlight yeah
well they're always going negative at
her well because she's doesn't she
taking their bullshit honey she gets all
her money from the from the public looks
like Sanders day when they don't fuck
with Sanders either mainstream outlets
don't really fuck with Sanders but no
they're not going to and they're not
gonna fuck with her either and the two
of them together but almost beyond style
they're trying to there's a coronation
with Elizabeth Warren those two together
policy and Sanders would be crazy I mean
I know she wants to be President totally
and I would vote for I guess I say I
guess because I look I would vote for I
would vote for Bernie too though burning
is a lot of interesting things I'm I'm
curious yeah I'm curious as to how this
is all gonna play out
I really am really curious yes the whole
thing is like whoa where does this go
it's a crazy election and it's crazy
that when you look at the dissipative
Democratic candidates you're like
there's nobody under 70 I wish Bernie
didn't have a heart
I know me too but I think you listen
people have heart attacks did you hear
that there were it turns out probably
false but there were rumors over the
last couple days that Trump might have
had a heart attack or had some sort of
heart problem because he was in like
some people were reporting that he was
rushed to the hospital over the weekend
and they hadn't seen him for a couple
days
mmm he came out this morning and said he
didn't have a heart attack so I can
actually addressed it yeah yeah when
someone tells you they didn't have a
heart shot you like why did you tell me
that I just loved it with me yeah we're
being run by people that are just
getting ready to leave the planet yes
yes really crazy they're all scrambling
in this power game that they're playing
it's really weird
yeah can you imagine being that old and
being billionaire I mean he's at least 1
billion dollars it's got like three out
of those and still wanting the job being
the president well cuz I think money is
an clanging anti-climactic yeah I'm sure
I had a very routine physical yeah
excessive speculation intensifies I just
listen if you're going to bed at night
and you think this guy cares about you
or you think any of them care about you
I just don't I I can't get on board with
that well that guy is like he's in he's
in constant conflict not like a soldier
is it's like but almost and you have to
really think about that if you really
think about the constant conflict that
you're engaging in if you're the
president of the United States whether
you like that president or not Obama was
in constant conflict this guy's in
constant conflict these guys are
freaking out to have that many people
upset at you that many people plotting
against you that many people that want
to impeach you that many people that
don't want your policies that many
people that want to hold you by
everything you've ever done ever in your
whole life and bring it up every time
you hold a press conference every day is
a fucking whoa all right yeah it's war
you can't be worried about you could be
worried about people in a very general
sense yeah but I don't think it's
possible like when I got shit because I
said when Obama was crying because of a
school shooting I was like listen
presidents kind of choose when to cry
yeah you know people got anatomy about
that I'm saying that's not that he
doesn't have emotion but this is also a
guy that's ordered the deaths of people
daily you know it being presidents like
yeah it's like every four years they
hire a new man or woman some day maybe
two
Hill the unkillable dragon right every
year the person tells you I got it I got
it
I'm slang I'm gonna fucking nail it I
got a plan we're gonna put it together
if you make me the Dragon Slayer we're
fucking peace here and my veil and then
they come out of the cave and they're
like I've made a deal with the drag you
know they go and try to kill the dragon
they get fucked up nobody ever kills the
dragon now it's not meant to be killed
the system is not designed to be but you
can't say that people get mad because
you're like oh you're cynical you're
this but with this system that we're in
right now is not really designed for a
wholesale reimagining well it's also a
house it's not designed for 320 million
people no right ever thought that was
gonna happen right that's that mean
these fucking people that came over here
man they were riding around on horses do
you ever read those the Pentagon
estimates for like the future like
megacities what's gonna happen to places
like LA in New York where you just kind
of have a endless you know populate and
then strife and unrest and problems with
yeah I mean it's kind of terrifying when
you read that stuff well with with the
Andrew yang stuff with his theories
about automation and and then on top of
that you put them all together it's a
population it doesn't matter what Acacio
cortex or Trump tweets we're fucked
did you see that one with across yo
Cortes and this giant transsexual gal in
this album I already love it beautiful
outfit I mean she's I don't know how
tall a OC is she looks ladies about five
seven to me probably this this lady next
to her is a Gigantor and what was she's
painted orange with the with white face
paint and he's clapping and what was
this about was for apparently a OC went
to a show and she was just given the gal
props
yeah and clapping and she was like super
animator you don't really see a
congresswoman do ya and and this this
trans woman was beyond thrilled I'm
assuming is it true man did you see the
one where they're at the rally and they
start talking about eating the babies
that's amazing where a OC somebody
stands up that I mean that's one of the
funniest days is that someone who's
doing like an onion I hope so I think so
I think that somebody who's just doing a
you know character you know or someone
who's like legitimately mentally ill
somebody's legitimately mentally ill but
it was too
funny and too good I'm like now this
this is somebody who's really cuz they
got into wind you could see I love that
it's like the scene from Borat where
he's doing the the speed the thing at
the rodeo and you could see their faces
started to change they're like oh wait
something's off yeah you could see
Acacio Cortez's face start to change as
a woman started talking about eating
infants yeah and you could see ha Acacio
cortez yeah I remember this we start
eating babies we don't have enough time
there's too much co2 god this is amazing
like watch here I'm like maybe there's a
real person I think it's a real person I
love it there's something too good about
it if it's not a real person she's gonna
be the star of one she's amazing she's
amazing she just we just heard her say
that and as I was googling it Snopes
came up and it says did US AOC
supporters suggest that fact-check
mixture of results but I'm not gonna go
with the thing to read okay but like why
wouldn't it just say true well it said
because it might have been a joke I
think Snopes leans pretty hard left and
establishment yeah they're very
establishment like they check things
against you know mainstream organs of
opinion yeah oh this this is cracker it
might be might be was it say a woman
true yeah they have stunts of doing this
a conspiracy she wasn't a OSI supporter
okay they say the internet troll was to
troll or Cassio Cortez a jockey crew
great job she apparently was working at
the behest of a fringe conspiracy group
of the history of such stunts of course
yeah why not of course have fine right
have fun have fun it seemed fake right
it seemed I mean it seemed real seem
like there's no way someone really would
want to eat baby it would it's it's an
extreme position it's an extreme
position
I just see the ver the video with her
and the translating yeah that's insane
this lady's like you think she would
ever come on this show Acacio Cortese
yeah interesting I'd be nice to her yeah
yes sweet she's 28
she's daft yeah just I'm gonna get rid
of planes
yeah she's silly girls bartender two
years ago porn Sokol I'm shot
you need a fucking far left to balance
off the farmer yeah you crazy people
reasonable and see it's great that we
have a game show host versa bartender
trauma and then she's a bartender and
this is how it ends listen why not she
could be the resident I will make Logan
Paul president he's a smart he hires he
will run you tubers are going to have
millions of dollars millions of fans and
no skills when they're all 40 it's true
I will make him the President of the
United States he will not be that bad at
it he's disciplined he's got a heart I I
will I will be his Steve bad and I'm
gonna get involved in that I mean why
don't they had two fights yeah - boxing
not surfers have the whole world I think
the next the next group of political
figures may come from the internet they
may be maybe youtubers it's possible
yeah did you watch that fight I watched
a little bit of it what do you think
they're not bad yeah they got wild their
works their asses day yeah I think they
clearly did they were in real good shape
to fight sick second thing that happened
when he hit him when he was down that
two-point thing be lost
is that legit you're not supposed to hit
someone when they're down okay there it
is look at that
use of volume can you do that or no bad
idea
somewhere PAP you can and is sitting
there being like you see that's really
up so hard we were just talking about
before that oh yeah so they got wild
it's hard to keep your shit together
when you're fighting in front of all
those people but if one of them had been
able to keep their shit together and not
go wild in just box like I
no which one box is better it seems like
logan paul is training with shannon the
canon briggs who's legit as fuck i mean
he's like you know he was one of the top
heavyweights in the world former world
champion i mean he's he's he knows how
to teach bach he knows right fucking box
right as good as it gets
yeah so he was working with logan paul
and he said some crazy shit like logan
paul could be heavyweight champion the
world is white he got money i mean i
don't know about that but i do know he's
real athlete he dedicated himself to it
i mean i did a podcast in his house and
he was training all day nice bath all
the thing you know whatever you can tell
you can tell what and the same thing
with ksi they're both athletes there but
i know how to fight a little bit and
they probably fuck up someone who's not
as good as them but it's they both got
wild and what that means is you start
swinging for the fences and sometimes
you land and sometimes you don't but if
one of them could have stayed technical
and just boxed and just fired off sharp
jabs and clean right hands and moved a
lot and kept your hands up and boxed
don't get emotional if they could just
box and not get emotional they'd start
landing if you start landing you start
hurting the guy you guys start hurting
the guy with punches that aren't your
heart is shot they don't you're not
winding up with them you're not exposing
yourself yeah fighting technically
that's the difference between someone
who knows how to box a little bit and
and start slugging versus someone who's
smart someone who who understands that
when you're on the ice yes when you're
under duress you have to keep your calm
and be able to see everything and the
more you tighten up the harder is to see
things and then you start swinging and
then you barely pay attention right yeah
you might land and might knock the guy
out still you still have power it's not
an absolute thing right but when you
look at guys who are really good boxers
like Floyd Mayweather does not get into
fucking slugfest right you know he's
just executed every section he's
figuring you out eyes finding the holes
he's popping them in there he's not
getting hit and it eventually starts
chopping people down and breaking them
down and right and that's what he did
with Connor and Connor I mean it was a
great money grab for Connor but that's
right that didn't make any sense right
but that these guys what they are is
they both like at a similar level the
reason why it's so fun to watch is
because they're both like they can hit a
little bit
they both are good athletes yeah and
they're
kind of learning how to fight and
they're both super fucking famous yeah
online yeah and then they get together
and then they're even bigger I mean it
was explosive we sold out the fuckin
state what does that hold oh that's
crazy
twenty thousand people a lot of people
it's a lot of people it was one of the
many internet events you know because
yeah it was a good fucking fight
meanwhile in terms of like entertainment
value they went after it yeah but I
think if one of them learned how to just
box just stay like a fucking samurai and
just box and never let that emotion get
ahold of you hard to do at the yeah in
the Staples Center it's always hard to
do but it's even more hard to do when
you talk shit to each other is it is
there a similarity when you're when you
you're playing arenas now is that
different when you're in an arena versus
you being a smaller venue well it's
nothing like a fight like course the
thing about fights is like here comes
here comes here comes it's happening
right it's like all the preparation all
your nightmares you get knocked out all
the weird feelings you like you get hurt
and training you have to work around it
it still hurts me get in there all that
stuff that they're dealing with when
they go in there is like stand-up times
a million like the thing about stand-up
is if like if you do your prep work and
you get your shit together you could do
it many many nights in a row correct
they can't do that sure there's got one
one chance one chance one chance know
that one time you did a joke and it just
came out like shit yes no like fuck I
wish I could do that show again Brian
rots you wet in ROTC oh well they
sometimes people have moments like that
athletically like you just you fucked up
your chin was up high you came in
swinging you got clipped once you got
clipped in the first round you tried to
box in the second and third and then he
takes you out in the fourth you're like
fuck if I just played my fight right and
played my game right
I could outbox them yeah but instead I
did something stupid and I got clipped
but then it's also like as part of it is
the show yeah part of it is a spectacle
it's so much one scene there make so
much you do company know the clothes of
course of course I will I do want to
fight Chelsea Handler then it's a good
fight that's a great fight me and
Chelsea fine with that um first of all
right over I mean that hurt latest
documentary it's hello privilege it's me
Chelsea we'll fight over that which was
wild I mean you know it was a little
what did you see it no it's her talking
about white privilege in the back of her
Bel Air
Antron in the backyard it's a fun one
and I just think she should go around
and apologize for all the things like
she should go to Gaza Strip and do
hallow Gaza it's me Chelsea and ski gear
man hello Tuskegee to be saucy yeah well
right now it's gotta go to graves she
should just apologize for everything
America has ever done go to Native
Americans
you know no I mean I I kid around but
maybe these it's a joke don't you know
this is a joke
but maybe these celebrity fights are
gonna be bigger things like didn't
Bieber challenge Tom Cruise I mean it
didn't except out of nowhere yeah just
watch the fight I'll be I think Bieber's
hilarious
he's my likes he likes to fight I think
he's sober now right is he sober my
friends on the other Dan'l in a luncheon
at Beverly Hills and sober wouldn't be
the first word interested would be used
maybe smoking that reefer yeah I guess
she can have fun
he's in a war zone his life's a war
zones wild became famous when he was
like 6 years old as a young yeah
wild and he could you imagine we have
type of gals that put that pune and a
fuckin yeah he's grown up he's grown up
with that he's grown up with NDA's god
yeah and bodyguards everywhere i never
where you go you're yeah so he wants to
fight Tom Cruise yeah hoping Tom Cruise
kills him like take me well somebody was
somebody was on a flight when they would
Leonardo DiCaprio and the plane was like
going down and Leo wasn't nervous and my
friend was like losing their mind
because they were nervous and Leo just
kind of had to cool and I'm like yeah
cuz that's the only thing he hasn't done
yet he's been in a plane crash he's done
it all he doesn't what experience do you
need to have if you're leo he was also
absorbing the emotions of almost dying
and plane crash just to use them that's
a real sociopath
that's a real that's a real sick person
I'm just recording it
yeah actors yes not sick he's involved
in charities oh sure they are yeah
pieces no one's laundering money no no
money no it's real charities who how
many people had to do with that fire
festival how many people well how many
people a lot of people ja rule a bunch
of people yeah that's one of them things
were you like wait what what happened
there yeah well it's you I mean yes one
of those things where they the original
fire festivals like
Iraq war you know and it was just like I
couldn't even watch the documentary i
watch all the good range they're so hard
it's so great though yeah it was fun to
see I'm squirming in my seat it's
obviously it's fun to see people who
want to do something stupid or something
ridiculous yeah you know people that are
status obsessed and everything get get
what's coming to them what's this ja
Rule dismissed from hundred million
dollar fire festival classes located a
West how does he get dismissed like he
didn't know he gave it away
he probably didn't have anything to do
with the business aspect of it he's a
fuckin rapper right you probably got
together with that dude think of the fat
dude lied to him he thought the guy was
telling them the truth next thing you
know he's involved in a lawsuit and give
the people the think of the people that
day of fire festival this is my favorite
part of the documentary when they know
that it's never gonna work right they
know that's an interesting there they
know that it's all over and then the
people are hitting the island that day
she imagine thinking your first
promotion what is your first person you
do a theater gonna try to fill a small
theater no no my first one I'm gonna do
an island island private I'll have
people fly in and I'm gonna feed them
baloney sandwiches on white style people
with supreme charts are gonna come in
and eat Katrina food wild wild country
no what is that is that the sex cult
yeah yeah I've been told by multiple
people to see that watch that I gotta
get in I think that fire festivals
cringy if that was bad she's gonna be
like what is happening yeah yeah yeah
it's like six episodes is next six for
something like is it one of those ones
by the end you can't feel bad for the
people like oh you feel bad I feel bad
about cults cuz I've been a moron most
of my life you know I've never got roped
into a cult but I've been lucky me nice
parents yeah you know I've been lucky I
grew up in a pretty nice neighborhood
you never like God like you never look
cuz every now and then I look at the
Scientology building and go huh oh I did
when I moved here yeah now sometimes I
go what's that when I moved here I
bought a Dianetics book on
you know the TV app yeah yeah I didn't
know what it meant know what it was you
were curious help I had Anthony
Bourdain's
not 14 Anthony Robbins I had all of his
all that fucking he's great your shit
together Cosette yeah yeah shit together
I was always trying to get my shit
together
so you just dine out and did you read it
it was and we like yeses I ordered the
book I got the book in the mail and like
most of those books back then I would
read them like four or five times to
pick it up read it for ten minutes Mike
what am i doing and I put it down like
maybe I went through a whole chapter
maybe right best-case scenario most of
time I just say I'm like this isn't
working for me I wasn't I wasn't wasn't
disciplined like I was scatterbrained
and so I was always looking for
something back then when I was in my 20s
well yeah something to give me this
that's a lot of people in LA - a lot of
people come to LA looking for something
to fill a void in Alaia cults thrive
here now if you grew up the thing is if
you grew up in an orthodox religion in a
religion that's like very rigid and you
trust in them even if it doesn't make
any sense like I know a lady who did
that where she grew up in the Mormons
and then she got out of the Mormons and
once she got out it was really hard for
her to tell if people were full of shit
she felt like she was it was too easy to
dupe her or she'd get taken in by cult
people taken in by spiritual people
taking him by kook's just put that yeah
or out there that well she just was not
aware of bullshit where she believed
such crazy bullshit for so long like if
you're willing to be that Joseph Smith
found golden tablets that contain the
law stories matching underwear and only
I could read it because he has a magic
seer stone and then when the people came
to read them the English took him away
because that God was didn't believe
you've trusted him right nuts that the
the Native Americans were a Lost Tribe
of Israel right if you're gonna do that
why not throw yeah why not believe any
Xenu and so if I grew up like that I
would be like that that's the that's the
insidious part about cults like I got
real lucky my parents you know my my
stepdads a hippie my parents were kind
of hippies when I was a kid we got a
chance to see all different parts of the
country Sam
Francisco Florida Boston but I never got
roped in any religion
all right caught but if I was there they
took me in when I was six or seven you
chant me I would I wouldn't have figured
it out or I wouldn't have stuck I would
get stuck
most of us would he got stuck yeah most
of us if we were young and
impressionable it's interesting I was a
part of our community I get roped into
it I know people that came out of you
know really religious upbringing exhibit
does it's interesting it does something
you know some of those people are a lot
of those people happen to be very
trusting when they get out of those it's
interesting you'd say to me yeah you'd
think they'd be more skeptical but
they're actually very trusting when they
get out of those things it's a weird
thing man yeah think about getting roped
into a cult yeah you're a young person
you've been targeted to well I know
quite a few people that have had those
kind of experience when they're younger
too
you ever talked to Metzger yeah I mean
Kurt was it was a Jehovah's Witness yeah
yeah his story's crazed it's a wild
story it's it's all these wacky
different ideologies there's so many of
them yeah you know and I love that his
mama's in sales that's what me and him
talk about I was a sales guy and that's
its own that's another call mmm oh yeah
so getting in that so me and him always
talked about that like that is also like
really good salespeople must be really
good at picking up checks they're really
good at everything I mean they're really
good at arranging the world in a way
that allows them to and I think a lot of
good salespeople the ones that I've
observed they don't overthink mm they
they don't they if there's a simplicity
to what a good sale is I'm sure that you
can write about it make it more complex
but at the end of the day there's just a
a a it's like our lizard brains there's
something that happens like on a
subterranean level where you walk in
with with a certain amount of confidence
and you know all of those hack lines in
sales work mmm like hack comedy
sometimes work hack sales lines work
once I'm all right so if I can do this
in this does that make sense that makes
sense to you and you say it like when I
was first telemarketing and selling
mortgages and stuff I would say I can't
sell that and I can't say just on the
phone people gonna laugh at me right if
I say like if I say something patently
ridiculous
like listen you
if I don't help you I don't need so
let's just you know I believe people
gonna laugh at me like this guy's
ridiculous but people like okay Wow yeah
I'm like really I was also selling them
in Long Island but the point is they
those things work like those somewhat
formulaic trappings work a little
psychological trap yeah B sales is a
business of imitation people team that's
a lot of comedy as well a lot of it yeah
I think on the until you get really good
at it and I can either innovate or you
really find what you're doing but even
like with sales it's like a personality
driven thing like you're trying to get
this person to like you enough and also
enjoy the product up so you're trying to
hype them up about it yeah you got to
show a certain amount of enthusiasm
itself so it's contagious they gotta
like yeah yeah someone who's a good
salesman will talk to you about certain
objects with such enthusiasm that you
don't get more hype than I about the I
was always so bad that I wouldn't shut
up so I wouldn't shut up and a bad
salesman just keeps going yeah
and they hard to know that when a good
salesman can turn it on and not like you
might be a bullshit customer they don't
want to give you the a game right well I
I would just talk I would get to the you
know there's a moment in every sale
where you're supposed to leave it all on
the table not speak yeah and then
whoever speaks first kind of loses
that's like a tried and true sales
method so I'm like Joe if I could do
this you know Wednesday whatever at this
price is that work and then we just
silent and then neither one of us is
supposed to talk you're supposed to talk
first and then you're you're supposed to
submit and you know we're supposed to do
the deal but I would like just go right
back and I think there's more we can do
and then the guy was like oh this guy's
a clown yeah yeah I mean it was it was
something I was not meant to do
yeah you can't you can't really I think
those guys are really good at that
it's your you given an indication that
you should do it but I was around a lot
of bad salesmen and those that's it's
just like bad guy it's very sad it's a
weird thing right because you're you're
basically a charisma person right like
you're trying to smooth some like you
shouldn't have to have a sales person
should be like this is the price on that
right you want it yeah okay if you want
it go talk to that guy and you can get
it yeah but no guys like sir can I help
you welcome to Mercedes well yeah you
know what I see you in this car I've
seen this cartoon villain oh my god the
convertible laughs the
one button look at that phone dude
you're driving the skies overhead you're
the king of the world
yeah I guarantee the way you'll feel
hyped up yes car it's gonna make you
kick ass in the office yeah but see I'd
be so bad then welcome a lot I'd be like
do you like cars like that's how fucked
I was I tried to sell copiers mortgages
and sales guys are not guys who went to
school these are guys that are gonna
work around the system and become
millionaires right that's the way that
we believe so we don't know anything
about structural organization or right
we're just thrown it at the wall like a
lot of comics like a lot of color a lot
of comics you throw it at the wall and I
on one of those people I'm guilty that
sometimes - I'm like I threw it at the
wall Oh special if you don't have a lot
of sets like what if you only doing
three sets of yeah but when you when you
tell us like the the work ethic when
you're like in the car and you listen
back you do two hours you listen back to
the thing it's like we're all just like
okay well yeah this like especially as
you get older like me and you run out of
like I have to make these fucking
premises work and I'm doing a new
special like every couple of years like
you can't fuck around a heavy workload
you've gotta you gotta get that shit out
there and you got it you gotta tighten
up those bits with the most like focus
that you can get go on that stage in the
store and you turn the lights off
there's no crowd work there's no you
just you just you just you let it's like
you're doing special every night I'm
just trying to tighten up these bits I
know and adding to them and taking away
from them and fucking with them and it's
the only way yeah I've done it other
ways I've done it half-ass before where
I only did a few sets a week and I
recorded special one wasn't that good
and I've done it where I really hustled
and it's always better and I think you
know I think I think it's like a thing
where you just gotta kind of stay on it
and then know like okay I think I got
something here you gotta know what are
you what do you look at you look at
crowd work cuz every now and then if I
do bidding doesn't really work sometimes
they'll try to crowd work the audience
back to being on my side and then try
the next bit is that cheating no it's
never treating it's never cheating I
mean there's nothing wrong with crowd
work
crowd work is great right some great
comics are great at crowd work right
it's just I feel like every comic owes
it to themselves to have material - of
course of course there's some guys that
know
developed material yeah that's why I
only had a crowd work act right yeah but
it's look they can still work but that
seems like so crazy now you want to say
what you're about and tell your jokes
it's a different thing too it's like
it's a fun thing we work the crowd but
you never get a well-crafted well honed
bit natty we're real proud
nothing works again like a crowd work
there's no legs sometimes I'll try the
next night to reference something that
happened that I thought was funny and if
it's not in the moment it doesn't work
it doesn't work yeah it's crazy gig bro
we got the craziest gig ever
it's crazy except logan paul and ksi
it's a crazy okay but our gig is weird
because no one can teach you how to do
it someone could teach at a box that's
true yeah learn how to counter now you
have to figure it out on your own
it's you can vary your approach so much
in boxing only so much but in comedy do
you think people getting in a stand-up
now because of the way the things are
everything's social media-driven do you
think that we're in the last era of like
that traditional type of stand-up we're
live now people say it's like martial
arts people are gonna get better at it
they're gonna want to do it but still
want to do yeah it's like people this
people still doing jiu-jitsu we're
always gonna do it's not it's it's not
ever easy right it's never easy to do
jiu-jitsu now you're trying to kill you
they're fucking grabbing your arm
driving you're always sore but people
are gonna keep doing it
most people are not gonna do it this is
the same thing with stand-up all the way
more people are doing jiu-jitsu than
doing stand-up you know most people can
do it cuz you don't have to have a
certain personality like you do in
standup yeah but if you could just put
the time in you put the time in you know
if you're a reasonably funny person and
you start doing it and you put the time
in and you're a driven person you
realize you can keep getting better if
you keep paying attention to it you're
gonna get addicted that's what happens
you do get addicted
what's your telling nothing is more fun
than killing when you especially like
your two years in you just sorta yeah
try to figure it out yet and every now
and then you got one just starting to
get paid doing gigs
wherever you can you're driving around
with your friends there's nothing funner
I look back at those days I'm so lucky
that I'm still
good friends with Gregg's Greg
Fitzsimmons yeah I almost forgot his
name Greg I almost fucked up his name
but we we started out like within a week
of each other yeah yeah so we knew each
other forever
and Boston yeah yeah we've got a
shitload of terrible gigs together it's
hilarious we yeah I forget about some of
them sometimes and he tells me about him
and yeah I'll tell him about one that he
forgot oh wow yeah yeah look back
horrible bro and this is all 1988-1989
Wow 1990 so you've seen dish to the
whole you know explosions and you know
the bomb booms and busts in the whole
thing dude I got so lucky it's like I
was on a video game yeah and the video
game led me to like challenges in a very
unusual spot like I got so lucky that I
walked in to Boston right at the
cresting of the wave of the comedy boom
I got here right before it hit the peak
and then I hit the peak while I was
there and then dropped off right dropped
off and then I left I left it right at
the right time not that it's not a great
time to be at route right now but back
then there was three comedy clubs on one
block there was Nick's comedy stopped
and there was a comedy connection on the
same street and they loved it was a
comedy stuff the comedy comedy what
would he call it the comedy club at the
Charles Playhouse yeah that's that's
what it was and still some people in the
world are from that area embossed and
then over here right across the street
was a place called Duck Soup so they're
all four of them within walking distance
three of them on one blog yeah and then
there was a dick Daugherty's comedy
vault there was an old bank vault that
was like a block away from that yes he
could just bounce around and dude it was
fucking crazy and these guys were
murderers what made you want to do it
initially like what was the thing that
made you want to do it well I definitely
didn't know if I could do it until I
went to an open mic night but I had
friends that had talked me into doing it
okay guys that I worked out with I
thought it was funny but I was saying do
they think they thought you were maybe
gonna go bomb or no no like you're funny
as a young kid I was 20 you know yes
time 21 when I first started doing
stand-up but 21 I was thinking about it
and I was just I just wanted a lot of
attention and so I would say funny
things when I knew that everybody was
nervous right and so right before
sparring
was a big one everybody be real nervous
cuz we were sparring this part it was
hardcore man right a bunch of dudes like
as good as me or better or kicking each
other there's like woo dangerous we
started I knocked that was scary you
scared the shit out of you like sparring
sparring scary and I want to make fun of
things when we'd go to tournaments I'd
make fun of people I'd make fun of
myself I'd make fun of each other I do
impressions of my friends having sex
right this is what I think you sound
like everybody be laughing but I was
just trying to make them laugh right but
I didn't think oh I'm gonna be a
comedian my friend Steve Graham oh I'm
still good friends with this day was it
one who told me you should be a fucking
comedian I was crazy yeah and you and if
so what's the first open mic night that
you walk into artist twenty seventh
nineteen eighty eight stitches comedy
club it's this little comedy club still
there
no it's not there anymore it was like
Massachusetts to another place that was
like larger I can't remember the name of
the other place but the other place was
that was next to it that was really
pretty big next two stitches fucker
which remember was like a rock club and
they occasionally have big acts there
and I went to see Jerry Seinfeld there
Wow
with this chick I was dating when I was
like 19 it's 88 yeah this was this note
this is even before that I went to see
Jerry Seinfeld there before ever did
comedy I went to see Jerry Seinfeld I
was maybe maybe 20 like maybe somewhere
around there and how does that first set
go it's my first full yeah it was
Terra's my first it was okay but was in
like a coffee house who cares that
barely counts it was you were in an
actual Club I was in an actual job
actual open mic night real you know I
felt real weird weird hear your voice on
a microphone for the first time yeah
barely got laughs got a couple ha ha ha
ha oh your friends Darren yeah yeah a
bunch bunch of my friends guys that I'm
still friends with shout-out to Jimmy to
tell you and Jimmy lawless those guys
were there um some other people that I
went to high school with were there and
it was terrible it was what they were
you'll see a guy young guy whose
family's in the audience and then
they'll go up and just have a real rough
time
can happen you shouldn't bring your
whole family was a stupid move my part
I've done it I didn't want to drink
before I went onstage yeah one thing I
did make a decision I said look if I
have a drink right now before I go on
stage and probably didn't want one every
time I go on stage it's true cuz this is
like right when I started legally
drinking right cuz I had turned 21 on
August 11th and this was August 27th so
it's just a few weeks it's a couple
weeks right it was one of those
precedents I was thinking wow I was very
aware of those like just go up there cuz
I was so scared I was I was hoping that
they didn't call my name there's nothing
like the fear right before that first
time that's a lot of fear dude I had
fought so many times right I don't even
know how many times for years and years
travel all over the place kicking people
in the face getting kicked and I did
that all the time that didn't scare me
as much as going on stage that first
time I was shitting my pants but once I
did it once as it alleviated a lot of
that and it became less and less like
after you did it did you feel its
daughter was only still nervous well you
like I'm gonna do this again yeah yeah
yeah yeah I thought immediately this was
what I'm gonna do like immediately I've
never had a voice in my head ever but
that time I did that time I did I was
about to chicken out and I heard a voice
in my head say no this is what you're
supposed to do now clearly I think
that's my imagination and clearly I
think it's probably me knowing that I
was gonna be a pussy
so come on it's stupid so was probably
talking to myself right inside my head
but dude it felt real yeah I felt like a
voice was telling me don't be a pussy
this is what you're supposed to do come
on just do it I think a lot of people
have this what you're supposed to do I
think a lot of people have that I think
I wanted the first time I did I said
maybe I should do it in a week maybe
I'll be more prepared in a week maybe
I'll push it off but then you just call
I gotta just do it
well the host of my first open mic night
was Jonathan Katz
oh yeah dr. Katz yeah famous Boston
comic great guy and he I put my name in
for the list but there's a lot of people
on the list and he wasn't sure when I
was gonna get on and sometimes people
would sign up then they would chicken
out right so I'm in this position where
he's like I'm not sure if we're gonna be
able to get you up so give me a couple
minutes and I'll know for sure so during
those couple minutes I was thinking I
should just say fuck this I'm getting
out of here right I'm shitting my pants
right and then he came back and then I
had that thought that said knows what
you're supposed to do come on and you
got in there then he goes oh hey I'm
gonna be able to get you up yeah that's
always the word and that's the word
that's happened to me where it's like
they come up to you and you're almost
waiting you're ready for him to go we
can't do it tonight it's great don't
worry about you but he goes no no you're
good you're on next
fuck yeah I think I had one or two
people in front of me everybody's doing
five minutes one or two people in front
of me where I could just relax but it
was amazing you know it's like it
allowed me to get my feet wet it allowed
me to move my feet and I and it was also
the first time I'd ever been I'm first I
had never seen like legitimate
professional stand-ups performing in a
club like that right like in those
environments with amateurs like the
first time I ever saw like the stark
difference between a guy like me and
there was this guy Teddy Bergeron who's
another Boston legend yeah fucking
animal he was so fly and the there was a
couple other guys would stop by those
open mic nights back in those days like
pros like little girls they'd do five
ten minutes just works a material out
stay sharp there was always everyone was
staying sharp yeah you know you got to
watch that was a first time I got to
watch that you have to see that you're
like holy shit but you can get to this
level yeah like you see like a real pro
all smooth yeah I think murdering seem
do that same joke again and again and
again yeah break down the mechanics now
and you say okay I get how he's doing it
yeah yeah that's a cool thing about the
store as well it's great yeah we all get
to watch each other work and everybody's
you know Tony rock is different than
Jeselnik has different the news death
and Joey Diaz right everybody's got
their own style everybody has your own
so Joey Diaz the other night in the
original room just he was like it was
like no one I'd rarely seen sets like
that where it was like he was just so
fucking in a zone yeah then it was like
you for that ten minutes nobody was on
the planet anymore nobody was in the you
know was just like everybody had been
elevated to somewhere else was wild
watch he goes happy I was not after him
yeah very happy I was not suppose to
people I but then then it's like well
I'm gonna go I'm gonna go at from one
day not tonight yeah one day not tonight
us in the back that's it he's a tough
guy going tough do you used to bring him
to open all the toys and one times I ate
shit New Jersey
yeah hate shit and Rascals going after
him yeah he was loose as fuck and when I
say I pulled it off but not right you
know I mean like I didn't didn't get
booed off the stage but I know it wasn't
very good and he fucking murdered and I
remember it something happened in the
crowd he's fucking with them and was
crate it was just crazy there was a wild
crowd and I was stiff you know it's back
then I was just that's my biggest
problem is when I feel stiff on stage
and I feel like I'm not in a groove yeah
I'm like I got it this is a problem yeah
it's hard target break out of that
sometimes and back then I was terrible
at it I just said yeah and that but I
thought to myself like taking him on the
road with me is a great exercise it's
like bringing a training partner with
you that can definitely strangle you
yeah so you're forced to really up your
game yeah if you're working with Joey
Diaz you can't a lot of the great you
have a lot of really good comics great
comics bring openers that are there you
know good I think that's the move yeah
because I've seen guys do the opposite
and they do it on purpose they do it
they think that what they're gonna do is
they're gonna give people like shitty
comic for like 15-20 minutes and then
they're gonna go on after them and look
like a hero right I just don't I don't
think that's the way to go now it's it's
also it doesn't help anybody because the
shitty comics the reality is a lot of
people that are really really shitty
they're not gonna get much better it's
to hit the ceiling yeah I mean it's
occasionally people do you can never say
never
some people just figure things out some
people have you know that you start
meditating they fucking turn it around
they turned around they gotta give
themselves out they mature maybe they
get their heart broken maybe they become
a parent that's - small minority yes
small minority I mean it's a small
minority of any of us that make it but
out of all of us that do make it to a
professional status the ones that are
like really
terrible in the beginning are rarely
capable of yeah progressing that's the
one thing to understate like really
shocked me is the amount of people that
go from amateur to professional in this
it is a tiny fraction it's a tiny
fraction it's a tiny fraction of people
that go from open mic nights to
headlining at the improv yeah it's a
super super super small fraction and
it's not that they're not capable of it
either because sometimes people just a
little wrong Zig or a little wrong zag
and then they go off the track and then
they don't come back you also have like
getting kicked in the face a little
because you're kind of I mean you're
gonna have those times when things are
not good and you know you have to deal
with that yes yes like I remember one
guy looked at me once he had a really
rough shot and II ended up quitting like
two weeks later but he looked at me you
could see it in his face he goes this
wasn't fun and you could see he was
internalizing that in a way that was
gonna lead him eventually to the exit
door I think sometimes that just you
know it's the pain of the bombing it's
just like you're not equipped for it
right you know it's at different points
of your life you're equipped for
different kinds of pain right and
sometimes the pain of that rejection of
bombing it's just you're already an
emotional mess and you're already so
fucking barely hanging on you know
you're so fragile
yeah and that that hits you that pushes
you pushes you off the ledge and
sometimes people aren't they're not
equipped to handle the killing oh yeah
that yeah the other side yeah people get
like legitimate fear of success right
the pressure of the unknown is fucking
scary it's scary like you'd rather know
that you're not going to make it right
rather know you rather - lovey Lou yeah
because if you fail you if you succeed
you can fail yeah like if you take the
real risk you can that's why I like a
lot of people don't move to New York or
LA because that's you can fail yeah in a
real way this if there's a bunch of
fears right there's a fear of keeping up
with people's expectations like when a
comic starts to develop a fanbase you
see that sometimes they get scared yeah
they get scared these people gonna like
not like them some would turn on them
yeah or turn on them yeah you know
people sense that - yeah they know they
know when you say no that they own you
they control you yeah yeah it's um we've
all seen guys go bunk
I honestly think people use to grow more
bonkers back in the day when they got
development deals yeah they were just
handed hundreds of thousands of dollars
millions of dollars not only that but
everybody had like some crazy story
about the show definitely he's gonna go
and already picked up by Universal and
they have a 1 million dollar backup deal
and Warner Brothers is really interested
in right dude you'd have these
conversations with these people and back
in the deal days you would say to a
comic like hey man what's up he's like
hey well everything's real good right
now Warner Brothers picked up my pilot
and I'm in the middle of this process
where I'm taking my life story and gonna
turn into a cartoon right yeah well I
just want to say first he goes you know
you used to do a 5-7 minute set at The
Improv and if you killed there was a
chance somebody in the back and a bag of
money sometimes sometimes sometimes
definitely festivals were big for that
right 90s if you could kill at Montreal
you could get some sort of a deal if you
kill you know in front of all those
executives that are on vacation Montreal
was a big one that was huge a big when I
did at my agent bought me at lunch
that's good I did great that's where
it's worth lunch now but that's what
it's you get you killed at a great set
and they go anywhere you want which it
wasn't it was where they wanted but it
was still fine but the development of a
meat sandwich what would happen with the
development deal thing would be you
would get a deal and then you'd be
convinced your show was going to go and
then you started acting like you're
famous and there was a lot of that
that's now people do that after damn one
Conant said that no one watched a lot of
that well yeah my agent at the time
would get she had clients that would you
know they would just run up to her and
just any moment want to discuss their
career like in depth like at the Laugh
Factory you know phone calls at 1:00
o'clock in the morning like people are
nuts
and they started demanding that you
treat them like the up-and-coming star
that they know they are and shit ton of
them just went away man and a lot of
that and it was just people they were
like this it's all happening and they
just let it get to their head well but
and then if you're the head of a show
like you know I talked to Roseanne about
it she was talking about how she went
fucking bonkers yeah when she was
running her original show and was making
all that fucking
like out of nowhere right you know this
one of the reasons why I worked so hard
to like get her comfortable and talk to
her that show and get her to open up
about who she really is most people
don't even know the story about her
getting hit in the head by a car when
she's 15 spending nine months and a
mental health it's crazy like that's
what she is man she's like a legit head
injury yeah head trauma victim and a
brilliant comic and one of the best
comics ever right but people need to
understand like you got if you guys
really respect mental health right like
you say you do if you're really
compassionate like you say you are this
is not a bad person she's not a bad
person she's a person who was hit by a
fucking car yeah and she's 15 and
brained and she lost her ability to
count yeah I couldn't do math anymore
yeah she has challenges other people
don't but it's you know a lot of these
people you know what Shane Gillis do you
know these the same thing I want to know
these are the same people that are like
talk about mental health all day and
then they're tweeting this kid every
single two minutes that yeah you know he
should be enough thrown out of a window
it's like you know no you don't know any
of these people personally right and the
idea that you could just wield this
online mob is and then the next day be
like hey self-care is important I know
it's crazy it's so hypocritical but it's
also like what we were talking about
earlier about people leaving comments on
your YouTube yeah whatever it's like I
get it yes yeah I get it
yeah no I don't think it helps to go
back and forth with people I think it
just inflames people right but I do get
where they're coming from just like I
get the people that are hating on Shane
Gillis right get the people that went
after Roseanne that we people see you
limping man they start kicking you yeah
that's it's a normal part of being a
person yeah we've all seen it you know
we've all seen one of the uglier
components of our nature
dude world star hip hop's got some of
the best examples of all time holy shit
one guy gets punched he goes out cold
and everybody starts kicking them yeah
wow dude it's rough yeah I've seen a
bunch of those all right bunch yeah yeah
it's weird it's a part of being a person
you know and mob mentality is fucking
real it's real in person if you've ever
experienced it I've been in a couple of
situations before where it just felt
like anything could break
out at any moment and things got wild
last one was at the Conor McGregor fight
okay when Conor McGregor fought khabib
nurmagomedov and then Eve jumped out of
the Octagon and had a street fight with
Dylan Danis and people are flying into
the Octagon jumping over the top
punching Conor in the face and it was
one of those feelings like holy shit
anything can go on right now and I'm
still broadcast pure chaos yeah but
there's a feeling in the air and then if
it did go crazy people would be swinging
everybody'd be swinging be brawling with
each other for no fucking reason people
just look at you and try to punch me but
what the fuck is this things just go
haywire right sometimes things go
haywire and I think there's a built-in
part of being a person that recognizes
when things are off the rails and you go
off with them right you know what I mean
and I think that's what the mob
mentality interesting because you're
just scared of being alone no matter
what it is you're scared of being alone
you'd rather be in the chaos with others
have you ever talked to Jimmy kill Steen
not a little bit yeah I know he follows
me on Twitter as it he's a nice guy a
nice guy he was a super-duper social
justice warrior right and they turned on
him right and you know he realized like
oh my god this is what I was doing and
he realized that he would go after
people just to like get this charge of
seeing people respond you know dopamine
Rock a politician or an actor and call
someone a bigot or call someone a
pedophile or whatever the fun ever it is
but I mean I don't think did that but
whatever you wanted to call us what you
just you're just trying to press a
button and then the things coming back
at ya and get addicted to it yeah this
game yeah and we're all doing it yeah
all doing it and what we need is not
that there's anything wrong with it I
don't think is anything wrong with using
Twitter and Instagram or any of these
things don't get me wrong but I think we
gotta spend more time just talking to
regular people I think a race is slowly
getting sucked into the machines do you
think that maybe the next generation
will be like Luddites or do you know
they'll be anti-technology or they'll at
least know no there's no shot right
there's no chance that the wave will
recede a little bit and that people will
recognize this I don't think so I think
a few people screaming out while of the
herd of us is running towards a cliff
yeah my friend my friend Jesse Reid
who's a very funny comic her mother was
saying you know you she has daughters
she goes you know you let the kids on
the phones too much she goes mom and ten
years they're gonna be the phone yeah
she was like the phone's gonna be inside
of them soon yeah so it's like wow
what am i fighting you know what am i
fighting when I limit my kids time on
the phones except the older ones of
course do you like I just don't think
that it's you can't yes I just don't
think it's a challenge that we ever face
are they allowed to watch in force oh
thank god they were projected what else
is the the keys screen time screen times
a big key yeah tell her about epsteen
epsteen didn't kill himself that's big
before they start googling yes I got it
now they got it now it fuck's up your
sleep when your honor I fall asleep to a
podcast you're gonna let all this up I
used to fall asleep too Alex
I would listen to Alex's clips on
YouTube and I would fall asleep too just
ladies you know and I would be able to
put me asleep you know I think his best
video is to this day he's the retainers
of our time you got a boat but you got a
watch on when I first met him yeah he
wasn't people see today and I see n the
I was shown that he is today is changing
because of his not being not drinking
he's in oh yeah interesting decks he's
clean $4.99 interesting sounds different
but what I'm thinking is when I first
saw like 9/11 road to tyranny was one of
the first videos I've ever watched I was
like whoa like it's one of the first
videos that ever opened my eyes up to
certain conspiracies and one of them was
the conspiracies of using agent
provocateurs to incite violence yeah in
riots yeah to incite that feeling of
chaos yeah and then that they used as an
excuse for the police to come in and
start arresting people because now it's
no longer a peaceful protest and it's
they do it all so he was making this
argument about the World Trade
Organization yeah WTO yeah
yeah and so he showed all this videos of
these guys coming in with
government-issue work boots on they have
like fucking the same soles is like
government-issued work boots they're
wearing ski masks breaking buildings
light and shit on fire smashing
everything and then the cops come in and
clean everybody up and then they
actually made it a no protest zone
interest so you a guy went through or a
woman I forget which but had a pin with
a WTO on that with a red line on it they
told me how to take that pin off yeah
the the America yeah well it's just
every every protest resistance movement
has been infiltrated the FBI did a coin
tell Pro they did it with you know the
Black Panthers they've just done it with
every
man who plays that video and you see
that and it's like real clear and then
you hear the how it all played out that
all the agent provocateurs wound up
going to a safe house and then the
police released them that's right they
ago she ate with the police the police
release them
wait a minute what yeah are you there's
not even arrests made it's probably
somebody's job in the FBI to dye their
hair pink like go into Portland and
start throwing rocks at ben shapiro back
then they were just allowed to wear ski
masks and shit ready just start smashing
shit and yeah I don't even know who they
were
yeah and you just assumed that that was
good it's such a crazy way to stop a
protest and I never thought about it
until i watch smart way to when you
think you know it's these guys know what
they're doing but they've been doing
that kind of shit forever yeah that's
like standard operational procedure 100%
fucking this is a weird time for
conspiracies
it's weird they've gone mainstream which
is not good it's very dangerous bumps
into a lot of them he's into a lot of
them and I think there's not a huge
there's only a small group of people
that want a rational discussion about
them right people really just want to be
emotionally fed does this feel right to
me and there's a I had a guy call me
today it's a very smart guy who wrote
the Franklin scandal which is a book
about the original epstein thing like
the original sex trafficking thing
what's that
well the Franklin scandal was a it was a
scandal out of Omaha Nebraska the
frankly credit union where there was a
guy who was embezzling money and then he
was being investigated for that but they
said he's all he has all this money
because he's running an interstate
pedophile Network and he's pandering
kids too you know people in Washington
DC in New York and there was a headline
in the Washington Post of the Washington
Times that were like coal boys get a
tour of the Reagan White House and you
know this was a scandal with real
victims who wanted to testify and then
people started dying you know the
private investigator they hired his
plane broke up one of the girls that
testified was found guilty of perjury
and then she was put in solitary
confinement they had to use two grand
juries in Omaha to get rid of this
scandal and it's one now it's not as
sexy as like a pizza gate or something
because it's happened the 80s and 90s
but this shows you the blueprint for the
government you know using marshaling
resources to to silence people that were
victims of this stuff this is not new
congressmen senators blackmail being
used by intelligence
agency's none of its new it was
pioneered by the Mafia
you know intelligence a Whitney Webb who
lives in Chile and I've had around my
show she writes a lot about this stuff
you know this is you know if you want
people to talk you need info you need
leverage
yeah there's nothing there's no more
leverage than you having sex with
somebody who's underage then they own
you forever if they have photo audio
video of you doing that so these things
have been going on for a while in
Franklin scandals one of the first but
you know the guy who wrote it this guy
Nick Bryant called me the name he goes I
can't get any agents it's very hard
because like you know the reality is
mainstream media is uninterested in in
in a lot of these stories unless they're
current and they're sexy and online
fringe people are only interested if
they're insane well there's so many of
y'all though too
yes so many it's hard to keep track you
you was just saying that you were just
in Dallas did you get Drive did you do
the I didn't do the drive but I went to
where he was shot there was five
Canadians there and they were like I was
just started giving them an impromptu
tour of Dallas because they were like is
this where Kennedy got what and I'm like
yeah this is how it happened how many
people you think of stood there well it
does right yeah I thought I wanted to do
it yeah there is there it is I wanted to
do with a Popeye's chicken sandwich and
just write you know this is America says
this is where Princess Diana was killed
yeah how's that fun is that really where
Kennedy was killed that's exactly where
he was shot that's exactly where and how
cryptic is that angry you look yeah
crazy well I'm just trying to have a
little fun I understand it's a weird
thing too it's I know but then you go to
the school book depository and it is
super close it could have happened oh
for sure
listen everybody who says there's no way
he could have made those shots is out of
their fucking mind that's not that far
that is not the thing that makes me
think it's a conspiracy it's literally
everything else
yeah it's every other component of the
store yeah there's Oswald being shot
immediately yes I mean that's Oswald
sure surely could have been in on it of
course yes he could course he could have
definitely been in on or he could have
definitely been set up I notice like
those things are possible in Dallas is
an interesting energy because of that
yeah it's a great city but it does feel
like it feels like a city of thing
people to keep their mouths shut
mm-hmm a lot of big
for steakhouses pie in hotels a lot of
people carving up you know deals you
know it just feels like you know
something's going on yeah there it is
there it is so that's where he is and
that's the building up there see that's
not that far it can happen I think they
said it's just like a hundred and fifty
yards or something like that it's not
when you're actually there it looks even
closer than this yeah how many yards was
it Jamie find out how many yards Oswald
had to shoot to hit Kennedy but it's
totally doable and people that say
that's not you're crazy they're not some
people that say that you can't uh uh
like load a gun that fast maybe you
can't I bet you someone can do it faster
than you yeah I've seen guys use
bolt-action rifles fast as fuck yeah
could they get off three shots in that
amount of time I don't know but I'm not
I don't think it's magic I don't think
it's like something impossible the other
thing they said was like that the scope
was off like anybody said that doesn't a
shit about scopes all I ever do is
handle it a little bit drop it bang it
against things it was the idea that that
guy was killed immediately
and then obviously I've read a book a
couple of books on it but the idea that
he gets killed immediately yeah that's
where you go something's yeah oh yeah
something just completely 183 metres is
what I just found
183 meters what is that you noticed
about 200 yards isn't what this says I
don't know if this is accurate
our measurement was that that's why I
just found that's interesting this is
about much of a disparity this is it was
never more than 90 yards from from the
Boswell's supposed to the location so
there's a lot I mean okay so where he
went when he got the final shot was that
far it was 200 yards no that doesn't
make any sense
he was never more than 90 yards from
Oswald location how's that work to
separate I didn't know that a hundred
and eighty-three meters was 200 yards
that's crazy yeah a meter is pretty
close to a yard yes pretty straight but
that's why I thought it would be like
185 or something like that there's
actually a formula for doing that for
converting meters to yards you add one
of the last numbers or some shit it's
it's a it's an interesting thing because
it really is you know Christopher
Hitchens said that the Kennedy
assassination was the movement that the
that moment was the psychic movement of
the 60 started like that was the
fracturing of reality for a lot of
people in the same way that maybe
Epstein was where it just kind of no
presidents got to be way bigger it's
huge it was huge it was this big thing
that you know it was a traumatic event
that people dealt with in a bunch of
different ways no one's sitting around
going do you remember where you were you
don't have the friends I do a lot of
people on reddit saying that but it's
like 9/11 of course almost yeah you know
sim yeah like those are the events
unless you knew somebody in 9/11 yeah
it's probably bigger do you think it's
possible that down the road not that the
government like did it but that they we
find out that there was a substantial
cover-up you know we didn't know about
Saudi Arabia their involvement for a
while
there's it for 9/11 yeah do you think
it's possible that we just you don't
know the whole story let's totally
possible I don't I don't have any idea
what was being done or who was involved
and yeah I know that there was a bunch
of hijackers and they flew planes into
those buildings but who was behind that
who the fuck knows yeah how would we
know okay a question what part of you
know what part of Saudi Arabia where
they all came from a cool where'd they
get their orders from like had they
organized this yeah I think they know a
certain amount and I think a certain
amount they'll probably never know yeah
and we'll all go to our death not
knowing what do you think about that one
that got shot down they've shot that
let's roll one yep yeah they shot that
down yeah you know yeah they said that
thing the the flight the the rubbish the
wreckage was scattered for miles yeah I
mean there's there's no way they didn't
shut it but there's a lot of things
about that day where you look back at it
and you go this is just weird yeah it's
weird that a building fell that was it
hit by anything it's just weird I'm not
saying it can't happen but that's odd
it's definitely odd that's the way the
way it looks is odd it looks like a
controlled demolition but yeah if you
watch the full version there's a guy who
used to be like a full-on 9/11 truther
and then he started like Tennessee I
attention yeah I start just paying
attention to the flaws and his way of
thinking sure and one of the things that
he found out was that the version of
Tower 7 that most people see is a
version that's very quick it's just it
implodes and it just falls down but for
a minute
before that you can watch the center of
the thing collapse inside of it I'll
interested in the way have you ever seen
never I've never seen that version pull
up can we see that one yeah it's very
interesting full version of Tower 7
collapsing yeah somebody's fine one day
so crazy they left there were no
buildings it's all Holograms there were
no plans New York you know I mean it's
great snots yeah but I want to see the
uncut building seven Jews maybe a plane
hit the Pentagon it's I mean well okay
but just released I just want to see one
video of it happening right just show me
one video do you think they have a video
there's somewhere on the panic just show
me one video what happened eyes they're
wobbly over plane hitting the Pentagon
there's one but it's very weird the
frames every weird yeah that's weird I
just showed me the video I want to
believe they might hit the Pentagon the
rover on the fucking moon is taking
beautiful video you imagine if you have
some shit that's like a thousand times
worse than a yeah like one of them
doorbell cameras yeah I got a thousand
times worth viewing the yeah damn
they're putting it together from cell
phone cameras I get I understand it that
was technology was different just show
me a video of a plane hitting depending
on I'm good I'm with you what do you
think it could be a missile I don't know
but I just want to know why we just
there's no one video we gotta see yeah
isn't that crazy
why am I crazy for saying can I just see
one video of the thing happening that
you said happened well did you know that
maybe this is not true in Jimmy's gonna
be checking this one out soon the area
in the Pentagon that got hit was
refortified
was the same area where they were doing
the accounting yeah where they were
trying to figure out where the trillion
dollars is missing that was filled was
talking about camera just that I think
the day before right yeah it's an
interesting situation did he say that
there's like missing money yeah later I
wasn't what I feel like out on the lawn
like these peers what are they doing I
just do you're not as a bunker you're
out on the lawn I don't know what
happened me listen it was something
crazy like trillions of dollars four
point three the two point three trillion
Oh Mike I mean you know and so the next
day to see if that's true that that area
of the pentagon that held the accounting
I don't think they tell you what you see
if you see if you can google the area of
the Pentagon that was hit contained the
accounting offices I don't do that the
double have it you're like I read that
though III know the I understand your
suspicion but I just like you know I'm
trying to lie or you're building 7 had a
lot of financial records in oh that's
that's what I heard I don't know all the
satellite dishes that were pointed out
the way I look at conspiracy I don't
want to believe in any of them
right that's the whole thing like I want
there to be a plane hit dependent I want
I want it all to be what it is i-i've
know best we know that a bunch of elites
were going to an island to have sex with
underage they could do whatever they
don't we also know like hey how much of
this is true like this like this is a
wacky one yeah this is one that have you
told your mom yeah ten years ago she'd
be like Timmy you're back on the drugs
yeah you would yeah the fuck is wrong
with you no one's going to an island to
fuck kids right but it's the same thing
it's like now that that's on the table
you look at other events and you're like
well we don't know necessarily how all
of these things happen no we don't know
we don't know we don't know we just have
to go there's a listeners conservative
firefight like fire companies from
Queens right from out by Long Island
that like because they've gotten sick
and stuff have demanded like a new
investigation and these are not like
crazy people these are people that just
go listen we're all dying from first
responders and things we just you know
we want to know exactly what the hell we
breathe in and what the hell's going on
well it's all the burning chemicals from
the basement of the building right was
nothing yes fires burned forever
yes that's what it is those guys got so
many of them got sick so many of them
got cancer is horrible it's horrific
it's really it's really fucked Donna
summers died from that Donna Summer the
disco person uh well I don't really care
about that I'm hot stop I'm don't what
how dare I like her she's amazing she's
great but
saving people at night alone I know she
had an apartment that was near the site
of the building on the summers running
into the building I think you lived down
there man if you have an apartment down
there and you're self locked
you're breathing that air man
interesting she's died of lung cancer I
think yeah I thought she was a smoker I
don't think she was I thought she would
just smoke cigarettes and you know do
coke and live a fun disco love to hear
you I think she found the Lord I had no
idea she was a first responder after she
uh you know she gave up on all that hot
love she's gone through the rack edge
yeah no son was not going to she was
just living just living in their
apartment okay I think that's the the
idea of course people I'm there there
are people that are probably very sick
oh yeah yeah it's such and they were
lied to about the risks well I don't
think anybody knew that's nobody had
ever had to endure an inferno in the
basement of a gigantic building in the
metropolitan city that lasted for weeks
crazy right after planes crash all the
dust is in the air all the fucking
pollutants yeah
particulates and everybody's breathing
all that shit in I mean you got to go
back to work eventually right yeah so
one day I work a week later two weeks
later guess what the air still fucked up
yeah well I'm sorry to hear about Donna
Summer yeah I'm pretty sure that's
correct yeah but I'm a song a lot can we
see if it can you pull up a video of
Donna Summer breathing in the fumes at
Ground Zero oh he's great John's beach
was really good did you saw Jones Beach
live she was she was older she had you
know she was it was her comeback it was
like the 2009 11 for lung cancer it was
like mm she was coming back she released
an out like a greatest hits album you
and your ad blocker you son of a bitch
those ad blockers yeah my dad has him
too and he's always got a Donna Summer
9/11 9/11 gave me cancer well that's not
a fun song is it no that's not a fun
song was convinced that inhaling toxic
air after 9/11 gave her the lung cancer
that eventually killed her TMZ has
learned source close to the singer tells
TMZ what we're hearing this morning that
Donna was in New York in New York City
during 9/11 living at an apartment near
Ground Zero Donna became almost paranoid
about breathing the air which was heavy
with a rancid odor
got him
you got to move in the months and years
following 9/11 Donna's feelings
intensified one source tells us that
when he was around Donna she would
constantly spray some sort of disinfect
in the air
Danny Theriot the horse host of dance
fever tells us when a post 9/11 she
would hang six sheets in her dressing
room to prevent dust from coming in well
she sounds like she did die of it and
she also sounds like she was being
annoying in the end she sounds like
she's being a little annoying with her
sheets it's a little annoying Donna um
yeah I guess probably didn't have the
money to move I mean I don't know you
would think last dance I mean they said
but yeah my dad saw her once performing
in bars it was rough sometimes people
just spend all that money yeah I have
nothing left it's tough man it's a tough
it's a marathon career well especially
music and bent back then like who knows
what kind of fuckin crazy contract they
were under oh they were under sound yeah
we're like you only get a certain
percentage everybody else gets all the
real Roy Taylor Swift has that right now
right she's like that she's got a
problem yeah someone owns the rights to
her song and she's not allowed to play
some songs and she was she was
complaining on Twitter telling but I
guess it's like someone buys the rights
and that's wrong yeah it is what it is
yeah like if you're an artist and I
think I think it's formatted your
scooter her former manager right our
former manager bought all the rights to
her music yeah man dirty game that's the
dirtiest this is what it is now I think
in all Hollywood that's the dirtiest
game um is there they take a full 360
deal like they'll they'll take
everything that's a dirty game child
acting seems also rough from some
documentaries I've seen oh that's the
roughest that seems rough I was a child
actor but I failed I didn't even make it
to LA I mean I was doing like I was
doing shows in Long Island you know high
schools oh good it was rough thank God
you got a taste I was a yeah I gotta
take I'm in audition for big day and I
was a good-looking kid - I mean that was
I peeked it like when I was like seven
and a half and then it's been just a
steady decline but the the thing is kids
that go into that
they're fought it's bad did you see
Corey Feldman on good day New York when
he's dressed in all black and he's like
jumping around like like an MKULTRA
victim it's like oh this kid went
through some shit that is horrific you
when he used to do shows I needed to hit
Cory and his angels yeah yeah yeah I had
friends that would just go see that
because it was really the best thing to
watch yeah yeah it's um but music is
shitty nobody gets through nobody gets
through you don't make it out of this
town alive really no they'll eat you
this time I'll eat chilling out like
that you don't write not like that you
don't just town I'll eat you alive yeah
yeah but we gotta say you still got a
sky you can't leave you can't escape to
some beautiful yeah it's quiet look so
good because you set a great example
when you're gone it'll just be you know
god only knows who's gonna step in yeah
yeah it'll be not good Jesus Christ you
know who knows you're so lucky you
weren't a musician right yeah my dad was
a musician but it didn't really work out
that well I mean he was really good and
really talented but he didn't really go
to the next level but music sucks
well being in a band and you gotta make
sure the other guys show up every it's
tough and they don't want to it's hard
and one of the guys girlfriends once I
get married and have a baby and wants to
quit the band get a job yeah Tommy we're
going on the road yeah well yeah how
soon do you really wants me to that's
why I didn't run I didn't get into
sketch comedy
I didn't get an improv I didn't get into
doing anything with like a team mmm I
just wanted to be able to motivate
myself yeah because that's and I I just
manage myself
do you that's it I mean I'm no no I have
a manager okay yeah but I mean just
handle yourself not a team of people
yeah I mean have a guy that I work with
Ben who edits on my videos who's great
what I love but I don't I don't have an
interest in like having a sketch group
of people yeah I want to be able to be
light and fast and do things that I want
to do when I want to get on moon stick
and move hustler is still Kido you know
there's been issues but there's been
some issues what's this I can keto today
I'm in Quito today I think I had
scrubbed the issue is New York New
York's a prompter New York Sopranos owns
all of you know pasta isn't listen New
York's our prop la there's no good carbs
it's very there's not a lot of good
carbs here Joe they be Italian
restaurants here I mean nobody and these
people here animals to be honest it's
it's it's all drugs and you know
whatever they're else they're into kids
or whatever the
point is it can't make a great like a
look we need clamp you can but you're
the Brooklyn it's like come on
so listen there was small issues there's
only a few places though okay but and
don't tell me them okay but I'm back now
and it's it's been a good positive trend
and I sound like a like Kamala Harris
yeah but no it's it's come it's it's all
good i text shall booed he tells me if i
can eat it or not beautiful you know but
he had a cookie he's got a t-shirt that
says the keto kid I know I'm wearing
yeah remind yourself he doesn't need
money he'll give me a free one but I
mean I saw him he had a cookie once and
I said well how am I supposed to you
know kids yeah Kido Kido Kido Kido Kido
kid forever
tell me give you five of those you wear
one every day of the week I started to
like go to chancy and they're like we
have a Kido brownie and I'm like okay
but that's a problem
most list is should they taste like shit
and then they just make you want a real
one yes sure you just have to not do
that some of them pretty good there's
some pretty good Kido cookies there's
some Kido cookie its company's not that
easy to nail you know it's not that easy
just fucking totally dial in it's a
tough it's a tough thing to do
no you know I'll just eat regular food
eat real food the thing for you man if
you just cut out the sugar in the bread
cut out sugar in the no no and I had I
lost and I still kept most of it off I
just gotta keep going are you hiking or
anything I don't like hiking's I don't
like the way the earth looks in LA the
earth looks like it's horrible it's
burned it's an arid wasteland but I like
got like I'll go to areas like Hancock
Park and I like walk around like wealthy
areas that's good Hancock Park nice I
like it
have you ever been a Griffith Park I
went there once I saw a coyote and a
like he ran away bring a knife or a gun
but yeah well who's gonna attack coyotes
his family stayed on a tackle they look
at me and they leave eventually they're
gonna kill a person it might be here one
day if I'm the first guy to get killed
by coyotes equip some parks that's
exactly the way I desire cows they've
been hiding show but I've you know what
I'm doing now swimming because I used to
be a great swimmer I was a great swimmer
didn't a guy get bit by a car
Griffis park didn't they bid a homeless
man I think they bid a homeless man
while he was asleep well we're taking
his word for it you don't believe in how
to buy yeah it's from another him
another homeless person thing so you
wanted money from the city yeah
homeless guy get bit by car do you ever
swim swimming some one of the greatest
exercise wants to bellow Park o
Montebello party yeah well I do swim but
I got to tell you I had a nightmare that
you're just reminding me yeah that I was
swimming last night there was sharks in
the water and I was swimming back at
night from someplace and everybody was
just doing it we're all just taking a
chance and my girl were so crazy so
crazy this could be the time where one
of us dies and I like two people swim so
off and it's so rare that people get bit
by sharks yeah and I was just thinking
yeah but it does happen it's not like
seagulls don't kill people right when
you're around seagulls like are you sure
yeah never killed anyone ever it can
happen I mean I go to I do it in a pool
I don't but I'll go to the ocean - but
I'll swim like laps so swimming is
amazing yeah I got a that's the real
that's a great it's such a great
exercise it wears you the fuck out and
it's like super low impact
yeah it's low impact no because I'm not
gonna do like a dude shit like I'm not
gonna do something like that but and I
don't like hiking and I don't really
like running boxing yeah maybe yeah
maybe housewife boxing thank you for
that suggestion
where would housewife boxing be I'd love
to get involved with house one West
Hollywood I'm right down the block from
the improv oh yeah there's gotta be
spots a spot on Sunset that Justin
Bieber and invested in that uh-oh
unbreakable Jimmy I wanna fight women
yeah that housewives boxing and swim and
then and then get back on key you know
who do you want to challenge for the
inter-gender championship as well I
think me and Chelsea Uhl seem to do it
because it's not a Kimmy she's a she's a
tough woman I mean she's she's a mean
woman she held me in a plane once she
didn't even know that she was doing it
she was in first class I was walking to
coach and she just kind of went like
this so I kind of want a rematch I think
it would be a good thing for I think
you'll be good ink for comedy for me to
fight her okay
dude it's almost seven o'clock let's
strip this wild thang your motherfucking
thank you the show band
no tube is a good last episode I enjoyed
it thanks brother bye everybody tell
everybody your Instagram Twitter Tim Jay
Dylan di ll o N on Instagram and Twitter
and the Tim Dylan show podcast and on
YouTube thank you
[Music]